BBC news.

A US intelligence report that has been just be made public says the Saudi crown prince Mohammed bin Salman approved a plan to capture or kill the dissident journalist Jamal Khashoggi. He was murdered in the kingdom's consulate in Istanbul in 2018. The prince has always denied having anything to do with the killing.

The US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Washington was launching a new global policy bearing Mr. Khashoggi's name to impose visa restrictions on those who engaged in extra-territorial attacks on journalists and activists. More than 70 Saudi citizens will face a visa ban under this policy.

Myanmar's representative at the UN has urged other nations not to recognize the military takeover of his country. Kyaw Moe Tun said no one should cooperate with the Burma's army until it handed back power to the democratic elected government.

The Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari has warned the kidnappers of more than 300 school girls that his government won't give it into blackmail. Describing those behind the latest abductions as bandit, he said they should not interpret the government restrain as a sign of weakness.

The United States has dropped the Trump administration's proposal that was widely seen as blocking an international agreement on the taxation of digital commerce. The US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said Washington would no longer call for firms to be allowed to opt out the new rules.

The UN Security Council has unanimously approved a resolution demanding an immediate ceasefire in armed conflicts across the world so Covid-19 vaccines can be delivered. The resolution which was drafted by Britain calls for a humanitarian pause in fighting to ensure the safety of medical personnel. 

Parliament in Senegal has voted to remove the immunity from prosecution of a high-profile opposition MP who has been accused of rape. Mr. Ousmane Sonko who came third in the presidential election has denied the allegation.

BBC news.

---
Remarks:

1. dissident journalist: 持不同政见的记者
2. consulate: 领事馆
3. abduction: 绑架
4. unanimously: 一致地
