BBC news with David Harper.

Former security officials of the US Congress have given contrasting testimony to a Senate hearing on the deadly riot at the Capitol Building by Trump's supporters last month. The former House Sergeant at Arms Paul Irving said intelligence reports did not warrant calling out the National Guard, but the then capital police chief Steven Sund said he had favored a National Guard presence.

The family of the Maltese investigative journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia said they hoped the guilty plea entered by one of the three men accused of killing her will be a first step towards full justice. Vincent Muscat was given a 15-year jail sentence after changing his plea to guilty and cooperating with the investigation into the 2017 car bombing.

The Prosecutor Office in Paris says the film star Gerard Depardieu is under a formal investigation for the rape and sexual assault of a young actress. The crime's alleged to have been committed at his Paris home on two days in 2018. The actor completely rejects the accusations.

The wife of the Mexican drug cartel leader Joaquin Guzman has made her first appearance at the Federal Court in Washington. Emma Coronel Aispuro is accused of helping her husband run his multi-billion-dollar drug empire.

Police in Ecuador say at least 50 prisoners have died in a day of suspected gang related violence in several prisons across the country. Officers say they had yet to bring the situation under control.

The American writer Lawrence Ferlinghetti has died at the age of 101. He was the last survivor of the beat poets in the 1950s and also founded one of American's best-known bookshops City Lights in San Francisco.

The American golfer Tiger Woods in undergoing surgery on his leg after being involved in a car accident in Los Angeles. The sheriff's office said no other vehicle was involved in the crash. Hydraulic rescue tools were used to pull the golfer from the wreckage.

That's the latest BBC news.

---
Remarks:

1. Segeant at Arms: 军士长
2. guilty plea: 认罪请求
3. drug cartel leader: 贩毒集团头领
4. sheriff: 郡治安官
5. hydraulic rescue tools: 液压式救援工具
