BBC news with David Harper.

A lawyer for the Russian opposition activist Alexei Navalny says his client has been removed from a remand center near Moscow. And the authorities will not say where he has been sent. Vadim Kobzev said the prominent Kremlin critic was likely to have been transferred to a prison camp. Earlier this month, a Moscow court converted suspended sentence received by Mr. Navalny into a prison term.

A majority of MPs in the Dutch parliament have supported a proposal to classify China's treatment of its Uyghur minority as genocide. The Canadian parliament passed a similar motion a few days ago. China says allegations of massive internment and forced sterilisation of Uyghurs are completely unfounded.  

European Union leaders have agreed on a basic coronavirus vaccine passport scheme to help the tourist industry in the coming summer. The European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said it would take about three months to set up such a scheme for use at borders and in national healthcare systems.

United Nations Security Council is voting on a plan to seek an immediate ceasefire in armed conflicts to allow Covid-19 vaccines to be delivered. The resolution which was drafted by Britain calls for a humanitarian pause in fighting to ensure the safety of medical personnel as they distribute vaccines. 

Peru's constitutional court has made a landmark ruling that a severely disabled woman has the right to end her life when her suffering becomes unbearable. The judges said that Ana Estrada was entitled to die with dignity and the authorities must respect her wishes.

A dog walker working for Lady Gaga has been shot and two of her French bulldogs have been stolen in a holdup in Los Angeles. Police said the victim was taken to hospital. The singer is reported to be offering half a million dollars in reward for the return of her pets Koji and Gustave. A third animal, Miss. Asia got away.

That's the latest BBC news.

---
Remarks:

1. genocide: 种族屠杀，种族清洗
2. massive internment: 大规模拘禁
3. forced sterilisation: 强制绝育
4. medical personnel: 医务人员
5. French bulldog: 法国斗牛犬
6. holdup: 抢劫案
