BBC news.

The G7 group of wealthy countries has promised a total of 7.5 billion dollars to help the rest of the world receive coronavirus vaccines. The increase in funding was agreed at a virtual summit. Critics have accused richer nations of acting too late.

President Biden has told world leaders the transatlantic alliance is back following years of estranged relations between U.S and Europe under Donald Trump. Addressing the annual Munich Security Conference, Mr. Biden also criticized China and Russia.

The U.S Secretary of State Antony Blinken has denied that any concessions have been made to encourage Iran to begin complying again with 2015 International Nuclear Deal. Mr. Blinken told the BBC that Washington's previous policy of putting maximum pressure on Tehran had failed.

The United Arab Emirates has said the princess Latifa, the daughter of the ruler of Dubai, is being cared for at home. The U.N has asked for proof that she was still alive after the BBC obtained videos in which she said her family was holding her hostage.

UNICEF has warned that millions of children are in danger in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo. Numerous militias are active in the area. The U.N agency said children were risk from sexual abuse or recruitment to soldiers.

A Sudanese asylum seeker in France who just had his application rejected has been arrested on suspicion of stabbing the director of a refugee center to death. Witnesses said the manager was attacked in his office in the city of Pau.

An Italian hiker who broke his ankle in the foothills of the Alps has thanked his dog for helping him survive seven days and nights in freezing temperatures. The pet called Ash stayed by side, helping to keep him warm and maintain his spirits.

BBC news.

---
Remarks:

1. estranged relations: 疏远的关系
2. militia: 民兵
3. asylum seeker: 寻求庇护者
4. foothills: 山麓, 指山坡和周围平地相接的部分
