BBC news with Fiona McDonald.

Judges at the International Criminal Court had ruled that its jurisdiction extends to the Palestinian territories, paving a way for a possible investigation into alleged war crimes by Israel, Hamas and other armed Palestinian groups. The Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accused the ICC of pursuing Israel and ignoring real world crimes.

European leaders has strongly condemned Russia's decision to expel three diplomats it accuses of taking part in unauthorized protest last month, calling for the release of the jailed opposition leader Alexei Navalny. The diplomats are from Germany, Poland and Sweden. The EU's Foreign Policy Chief rejected allegations that the diplomats had conducted activities incompatible with their status.

The military authorities in Myanmar have further restricted social media access in the country, days after overthrowing the civilian administration of Aung San Suu Kyi. Internet providers have been ordered to block Twitter and Instagram. On Thursday, the general directed service providers to block Facebook.

Lawmakers in the U.S State of Virginia have voted to abolish the death penalty, paving the way for the state governor to sign their appeal into law. The decision means Virginia will become the first southern U.S state to abolish capital punishment.

Austria says it's holding talks with Portugal's Health Ministry after offering to take ten patients, including five with Covid-19, to help it cope with severe pressure on intensive care beds there. Portugal has reported its highest figure yet for Covid patients in intensive care, and public health experts said the next week to be very difficult.

And a Canadian actor Christopher Plummer best known for his role as Captain von Trapp in the sound of music has died aged 91. His co-start Julia Andrews paid tribute to him, saying he was a consummate actor and a cherished friend.

BBC news.
