BBC news.

The British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has set out a four-step plan to release England from coronavirus lockdown by the middle of June. In the first stage, pupils in all schools and further education institutes will return to their classrooms. In the next stage, outdoor sports will resume, and then non-essential retail outlets. 

The US Supreme Court has cleared the way for New York prosecutors to obtain tax returns and other financial records from the former president Donald Trump. This would allow investigations into allegations that hush money were paid to two women who said they had sexual relationships with Mr. Trump. The former president criticised the ruling and vowed to fight on.

Brazil's stock market has fallen nearly 6% at its first day of trading since President Jair Bolsonaro unexpectedly replaced the head of the national oil company PetrolBras. Shares in PetrolBras plunged 21%.

The authorities in Democratic Republic of Congo have accused a Rwandan rebel group of killing the Italian envoy Luca Attanasio in an ambush in the east of the country.

Law enforcement officials in Ukraine have forced a private plane carrying a former director of the country's largest bank to land in Kyiv, with they arrested him on fraud charges. Volodymyr Yatsenko is wanted in connection with the theft of more than five billion dollars from PrivatBank. Local media say he tried to flee to Austria.

The Czech Foreign Ministry says it will sue neighboring Poland over its plans to expand a huge coal mine. It says the mine is harming the Czech environment.

EU foreign ministers say they may impose a range of sanctions targeting the military in Myanmar. These could include travel bans, asset freezes as well as a wide review of Myanmar's preferential trade arrangements with the EU.

BBC news.

---
Remarks:

1. tax returns: 纳税申报表
2. hush money: 封口费
3. sue: 指控，控告
