BBC news with Moira Alderson.

Pro-democracy activists in Myanmar have staged ceremonies and vigils for people killed during the demonstrations against the military coup. The twilight prayers followed the funeral of a young woman who died in hospital two weeks after being shot in the head. Mass protests against the army have continued.

Israeli troops helped by thousands of volunteers are trying to clear beaches polluted by an oil spill. The government has advised people to avoid the Mediterranean coastline and is trying to identify the ship believed to have caused the slick.

China and India said they've withdrawn troops and artillery from a disputed border region in the Himalayas. The Pangong Lake area has been a flashpoint in a high-altitude confrontation between the two biggest armies in the world.

A senior Iranian official says discussions with the head of the U.N nuclear watchdog have been productive. The head of IAEA has visited Tehran ahead of deadline set by the Iranian parliament to stop snap visits to nuclear facilities unless the U.S lifts sanctions.

A land mine explosion has killed seven members of the electoral commission in Niger. It's not known if their car was deliberated targeted. People in Niger have been voting in the second round of the presidential election.

Officials in Libya said the Interior Minister Fathi Bashagha has survived an assassination attempt after his convoy came under a heavy gunfire on a highway in western Tripoli. He escaped unharmed. One report said two of the attackers have been arrested and the third is in hospital.

The government in France has accused the mayor of the country's second city Leon of insulting meat producers and damaging children's health by removing meat from school lunches. Gregory Doucet of the Green Party said the policy of one single meat-free menu was a temporary measure.

BBC news.

---
Remarks:

1. vigil: 守夜
2. oil spill: 石油泄漏
3. slick: 这里指石油泄漏事件, 同oil slick, oil spill
4. flashpoint: 着火点, 燃点
5. snap visits: 临时访问
6. convoy: 护卫队
