BBC news with Justin Green.

President Biden will sign an executive order shortly to identity and fix weaknesses in supply chain for critical items like pharmaceuticals, vehicle batteries, * and semi-conductors. The delivery of some of these materials has been disrupted by the pandemic and by estranged relations with China.

President Biden's nominee, the CIA director William Burns says American's biggest GO political challenge is what he calls a predatory Chinese leadership. Mr. Burns calls Beijing an authoritarian adversary and tends on stealing intellectual property and expanding its reach in the US.

New data shows the experimental Johnson & Johnson coronavirus vaccine is safe and effective. Large-scale trials of the one-shot injections in the US, Brazil and South Africa gave it an efficacy rate of one over 80%, including against the Brazilian and South Africa variants.

Airline said they anticipated a second year of heavy losses due to the pandemic. The International Air Transport Association said they expected airlines to lose between 75 and 95 billion dollars this year because of travel restrictions and low passenger confidence.

Hungary has started inoculating its citizens with the Chinese Covid vaccine SinoPharm. But in a survey, only 20% percent of those taking parts said they would be willing to receive the Chinese jab.

It's emerged that Iran has been holding a French tourist in detention for the past nine months. News of the detention comes at a sensitive time. France is among the European countries that were working to bring the US and Iran back into line with the International Nuclear Accord. 

A painting by Vincent Van Gogh has been unveiled to the public in Paris after being in private hands for a century. Entitled * street scene, it's to be put on display in London and Amsterdam before being sold next month for * , where it's expected to fetch up to eight million euros.

BBC news.
