BBC news with Julie Candler.

An Egyptian journalist working for the Qatar-based Al Jazeera television network has been released. Mahmoud Hussein was held in Egypt for more than four years without being formally charged. He was accused of having spread false news.

In a major reform to its state controlled economy, the Cuban government is to allow small private businesses to operated in most fields. The measure will expand permitted private activities from a list of 127 to more than 2,000.

Myanmar has seen its largest demonstration since Monday's military coup. Workers from western Myanmar joined locals in the city of Yangon to demand the junta step down and Aung San Suu Kyi be released.

There have been protests across Chad against President Idriss Deby's nomination to run for six term. Mr. Deby has held power for more than 30 years.

Sudan says any unilateral steps to fill Ethiopia's dam on the Blue Neil this year will threaten its national security. Sudan's water ministry Yasser Abbas told the Reuters News agency that the U.S, the E.U, the U.N and the African Union should mediate the dispute between Egypt, Sudan and Ethiopia.

Chile's interior minister has promised justice after protests erupted over the killing by a policeman of a street performer. Police has arrested the officer involved in the shooting on Friday in the town of Panguipulli.

Italy's two largest political parties have indicated they could be open to joining a government headed by Mario Graghi, a former president of the European Central Bank. Mr. Graghi has completed the first round of talks with all parties as he tries to form coalition.

Farming groups in parts of northwestern Spain are calling on local government to control populations of wolves. The animals killed at least 59 sheep on Thursday in the province of Zamora.     
