BBC news.

The security forces in Myanmar have used batons, tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters, in one of their biggest operations so far against people oppose to the military coup. There were large-scale arrests with dozens or even hundreds of activists arrested.

A group of Nigerian boys abducted from a boarding school in the north of the country have been freed after ten days in captivity. 42 students, staff and relatives are now in the care of the authorities. Their release came a day after more than 300 school girls were kidnapped in different state.

A standoff between the Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and the head of the armed forces has intensified with the country's president refusing Mr. Pashinyan's order to dismiss the general. President Arman Sargsyan said sacking General Onik Gasparyan will be unconstitutional.

President Biden has urged the US Senate to approve his coronavirus aid bill quickly. It was passed by the House of Representatives on Saturday. The package which is worth nearly two trillion dollars seeks to stabilize the economics by giving cash to millions of Americans and boosting unemployment payments.

There are reports that dozens of fighters have been killed in northern Yemen in continuing fierce clashes between government forces and Houthi rebels. According to a government source, both sides have lost more than 20 men on front lines in Marib province over the last 24 hours.

A leading Cuban dissident Jose Daneil Ferrer has said he spent 10 hours in police custody on Friday and was told to cease his political activities before being released. He accused the police of using violence against him during his arrest.

And India is launching an national plan to become a global hub for toy-making. The Prime Minister Naredra Modi said it had the potential to supply cheap and environmentally-friendly toys to the world. 15 government's departments have been brought together to promote the industry. 

BBC news.

---
Remarks:

1. baton: 警棍
2. boarding school: 寄宿学校
3. standoff: 僵持
4. sack: 解雇
5. unconstitutional: 不符合宪法的
