BBC news with Aileen McHugh.

The Afghan Taliban has seized three more provincial capitals in the course of one day. In the city of Kunduz, government forces appear only to told their own base at the airport. The provincial capitals Sar-e-Pol and Taloqan are also largely in militant hands. A spokesman for the Taliban's political in Doha has said there is no agreement on a ceasefire with the Afghan government.

Tokyo has passed the Olympic flag to Paris where the next summer games will be held in just three years time. The head of the International Olympic Committee called the games an unprecedented event because of the pandemic. The correspondents say the organizers succeeded in their task.

Hundreds of firefighters assisted by aircraft dropping water have been struggling to control huge fires on the Greek island of Evia. Dozens of villages have been evacuated. There has been queues at the harbors and hotels opened their doors to evacuees.

Wildfires are also raging in Peru where more than 500 firefighters are trying to contain the blazes. Strong winds are hampering the efforts but there have been no fatalities.

Officials in Chad say 22 people have been killed and other 18 wounded in fighting between farmers and herders in the west of the country. The Chadian government and spokesman said troops were deployed to maintain order.

The Prime Minister of St. Vincent and the Grenadines is to undergo further test after being attacked on Thursday during a protest linked to compulsory Covid vaccinations. He was set on the head by a stone and has since suffered blurred vision.

And the Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi has confirmed that he is leaving the club he joined as a 13-year-old, more than two decades ago. He said he has no choice but to leave because of Spanish legals on spending at financially constraint clubs.

And that's the latest from BBC news.
