BBC news with Chris Barrel.

The Department of Defense in the United States plans to make vaccination against Covid-19 mandatory for all military personnel. The Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that the Pentagon was seeking presidential authorization to implement the proposal no later than mid-September.

The World Health Organization has confirmed the death of a man in Guinea from Marburg virus, a hemorrhagic fever which is often fatal. Efforts are underway to trace the victim's contacts to prevent the spread of the highly infectious disease.

The authorities in Qatar have referred seven people to the public prosecutor on allegations of spreading false news and inciting racial and tribal strike. Members of the Al-Murra Tribe have complained that they would in fact being barred from voting in Qatar as their semi-nomadic status in the past means they don't qualify as being of a Qatari descent.

People fleeing the northern part of the Afghanistan have described looting, violence and abductions carried out by the Islamist militants. One of them said the scenes were like those of a horror film. The Taliban have seized five regional capitals.

Dozens of victims of sexual abuse by the disgraced US financier Jeffery Epstein have received payments from a fund set by his estate. It is said their compensations was worth 121 million dollars.

Nicaragua's government has recalled its ambassadors to Mexico, Argentina, Colombia and Costa Rica for consultations, accusing them of having interfered in its internal affairs. The other American nations recently recalled their envoys from Nicaragua in protest at moves by President Daniel Ortega against the opposition.

Emergency repairs are underway at Tower Bridge in London after a mechanic failure meant its two vast roadway arms fail to close after opening to allow a tall ship to pass.

BBC news.
