BBC news with Chris Barrel.

The International Red Cross says fierce fighting is continuing between Afghan government forces and Taliban fighters in Kandahar. He said civilians were fleeing the city and warned a catastrophic situation in the wake of the Taliban offensive. The Islamists have taken over 9 provincial capitals. The head of the Afghan army has been sacked after their rapid advance.

The Polish parliament has approved a law that opponents say will strengthen the right-wing government's grip on the media. It restricts non-European ownership. One of the TV channel's most critical of the government is US owned.

Shell has settled a case going back more than 50 years and agreed to pay more than 100 million dollars in compensation to communities in southern Nigeria. Their lands have been polluted by crude oil spill in 1970. The case is the latest between the oil giant and Nigerian farmers.

Temperatures near the Italian city of Syracuse have reached 48.8 degree Celsius. If confirmed, it's the highest temperature ever recorded in Europe, just days after scientists warned of the consequences of climate change.

Algeria has declared three days of mourning for at least 65 people known to have died in wildfires in the north. The heat wave and strong winds have fanned the fires. But the authorities say arsonists are to blame for much of the devastation.

Turkish emergency services have evacuated a hospital and rescue people from rooftops after flash floods hit the black seacoast. At least one person is missing.

And the Iraqi government says it repatriated nearly 400 of its nationals from Belarus's border with Lithuania, accusing Minsk of encouraging the unauthorized flow of migrants into the European Union. Last week, Iraq suspended flights to Belarus, saying it was necessary to protect Iraqi citizens from trafficking networks.

BBC news.
