BBC news with David Harper.

In what's seen as a major victory for President Biden, the US Senate has passed his one-trillion-dollar infrastructure bill. 19 republicans voted for the package which would see increased spending on transport links, high-speed internet and other projects.

The governor of New York is resigning. Andrew Cuomo had been facing growing pressure to go after an independent inquiry has found he had sexually harassed 11 women. He will leave office in two weeks.

The Afghan Taliban has taken over two more provincial capitals. The latest to fall was Pul-e-Khumri near Baghlan, north of Kabul. The Islamists have conquered eight major cities in less than a week. The government says it is mobilizing what it called popular uprising forces to halt their advance.

18 members of the Algerian military have died fighting wildfires raging east of the capital Algiers. Seven civilians have also been killed by the blaze, which is encroaching on towns and villages. Algeria is the latest Mediterranean countries to be hit by severe wildfires.

Ethiopia's Prime Minister has urged all eligible citizens to join the war against Tigrayan rebels. Fighting started in the province but has now spread across three more regions in the north, despite a unilateral truce declared by the government.

One of the junior partners is leaving Poland's coalition government after its leader was sacked as deputy Prime Minister. The move deprives the government of its majority, but the administration may try to continue as a minority one.

French ministers have warned an extremely serious Covid situation in oversea's territories, most notably in the Caribbean. Vaccination levels are low, and the delta variant is spreading fast. One island has urged tourists to leave.

Scientists have calculated that constant eruptions have made Mount Etna, Europe's most active volcano, even taller than before. It towers most than 3,300 meters over the Sicilian landscape with its southeastern summit now at its highest point.

BBC news.
