BBC news with David Harper.

South Africa has announced a tenfold increase in the number of troops to be deployed in response to widespread violence sparked by the jailing of the former president Jacob Zuma. Up to 25,000 soldiers had been sent on the streets of KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng provinces. The leader of South Africa Zulu said six days of looting have brought shame on the entire country.

The authorities in Ethiopia's Amhara region say they will go on the offensive against forces from neighboring Tigray, potentially opening up a new phrase in eight months of civil war. Troops have been rallied to counter the Tigrayans who are advancing on Amhara-held territory.

European Union has announced ambitious plans to curb carbon emissions to net zero by the year 2050. They include ending the sell of new patrol cars by 2035 and imposing new taxes on shipping and aviation fuel.

People from both sides of the political divide have criticized the British government's plans to stop prosecutions of all crimes committed in Northern Ireland before 1998's peace agreement. Victim groups said a blanket amnesty covering all soldiers and paramilitary groups is too generous.

The US government has demanded the immediate release of people detained during the protests which swept Cuba on Sunday. Local activists said at least 65 have been detained in the capital Havana and many others elsewhere. 

The World Health Organization has warned of potentially catastrophic consequences in the Middle East from a surge of Covid infections ahead of the Muslim celebration of Eid al-Adha next week. The rising cases is being driven by the spread of the Delta variant and low vaccination rates.

The US Justice Department has criticized the FBI investigation into sexual abuse allegations against the former doctor of the National Gymnastics Team, Larry Nassar. Reports say the FBI had failed to response to the allegations with the seriousness and urgency required. The FBI has acknowledged shortcomings.   

BBC news.
