BBC news with David Harper.

Police on duty during January storming of the US Capitol Building say Donald Trump's supporters attempted to carry out a coup. Speaking to a congressional inquiry, one officer said he was beaten, tasered and called traitor by the rioters and they labelled the attackers terrorists. Republicans have lastly boycotted the investigating committee.

The United States has announced new stricter rules to combat a sharp rise in coronavirus infections caused by the more infectious Delta variant. The Centers for Disease Control advises even vaccinated people to wear face masks in public, indoor spaces in areas with substantial and high rates of transmission.

The president of Ivory Coast Alassane Ouattara and his former enemy, his ousted predecessor Laurent Gbagbo have embraced their first meeting since the civil conflict a decade ago. Mr. Gbagbo returned to Ivory Coast last month after the International Criminal Court in the Hague acquitted him of crimes against humanity.

Thousands of new Ethiopia army recruits have paraded in the capital Addis Ababa following an appeal for people to help the government fight Tigrayan rebels. The conflict has recently spread into the neighboring Afar region.

The US government is suspending cooperation with a prosecutor's office in Guatemala following the dismissal of a high-profile anti-corruption official. The State Department said the sacking of Juan Francisco Sandoval indicated a lack of commitment to the rule of law and the independence of the judicial system.

Apple, Microsoft and Google's parent company Alphabet have reported sharp increases in sales and profits. The three tech giants have thrived during the pandemic, as lockdowns pushed people to use their services.

Spain's former king Juan Carlos is being sued in the High Court in London by his former lover. Corinna zu Sayn-Wittenstein says she was harassed for almost a decade, alleging the king used the Spanish intelligence service to keep her under surveillance and hack her phone. He denies any wrongdoing.

BBC news.
