BBC news with David Harper.

In the past five hours, President Biden has accused Republican-controlled states of mounting a dangerous and unconscionable attack on free and fair elections in the US. In a speech in Philadelphia, he said it was an unfolding assault of democracy and the right to vote.

The key measure of inflation in the United States has risen at its fastest rates since 2008. The Consumer Price Index jumped by 0.9% in June compared with the previous month. There are concerns that the pandemic has led to pent-up spending power but low supplies, potentially leading to persistently high inflation.

There has been widespread violence and looting in South Africa for a fifth day despite the deployment of hundreds of troops. At least 45 people have been killed and about 800 have been arrested since protests erupted in response to the jailing of the former president Jacob Zuma. Looters have again ransacked shops in the provinces of KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng. 

The Lithuanian parliament has voted to treat migrants crossing from Belarus as potential foreign agents sent by Minsk and Moscow. The president of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko has threatened to send a flood of refugees over his country's borders in response to sanctions.

The World Food Program says at least 100 truckloads of food and supplies a day are needed in Ethiopia's Tigray region as fighting has led to widespread hunger. On Monday, a convoy of 50 WFP trucks arrived in the regional capital. The spokesperson said double were required every day.

Police in the Philippine have suspended a rule of preventing officers being promoted if they were too overweight. Officers have complained that coronavirus restrictions on outdoor exercise made it difficult for them to lose weight.

The Italian cabinet has approved a permanent ban on huge cruise ships entering the G-deck canal in central Venice. Large cruise ships were temporarily banned in April last year under the request of UN's cultural organization UNESCO.

BBC news.
