BBC news with David Harper.

President Biden has voiced his support for a ceasefire after eight days of violence between Israel and Palestinian militants in Gaza. During a phone call to the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Mr. Biden said his administration was working with Egypt and others towards halting hostilities. Earlier, the US again blocked the UN Security Council statement calling for a cessation of violence, saying it was instead working behind the scenes.

At least 20 people have been killed by the most powerful storm in decades to hit the Indian state of Gujarat. Cyclone Tauktae has now begun to weaken as it passes over lands. 200,000 residents were move away from the path of the storm. Coronavirus patients in treatment centers were among those evacuated.

Spain is deploying the army in its north African enclave of Ceuta to stem a huge influx of migrants from Morocco. A record 5,000 arrived on Monday. Moroccan border guards did nothing to stop them.

Members of Brazil indigenous Yonomami tribes said they have been attacked by a large group of illegal gold miners inside a reservation of the country's Amazon region. Tribe leaders said the armed men fired tear gas at them. That is the second attack in a week.

The United States says it will send 20 millions coronavirus vaccines aboard as warnings continue about a lack of supplies for poor countries. President Biden said the US wouldn't be safe until the virus was under control globally.

New research suggests that the total number of wild birds on the planet is at least 50 billion but it could be as high as 430 billion. The study is the first attempt to estimate the total number of individual birds.

A gigantic rock formation of the Galapagos island known as the Darwin's Arch, which is visited every year by thousands of tourists has collapsed into the sea. Ecuador's Environment Ministry said it was caused by natural erosion. 

BBC news.
