BBC news with Neil Nunes.

Palestinian officials in Gaza say Sunday was the deadliest day since the current fighting with Israel began nearly a week ago. More than 40 people were killed in the latest Israeli airstrikes. Israeli army said Palestinian militants hand fired more than 3,000 rockets towards Israel in the past week. Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has rejected international appeals for a ceasefire. At a security council meeting, the UN Secretary General Antomy Guterres has warned of an uncontainable crisis. 

There's been condemnation in western Europe of anti-Semitism at pro-Palestinian demonstrations over the weekend. The head of the Central Council of German Jews said abusive chants in Berlin recalled the darkest days of German history.

Two Israelis have been killed and more than 130 injured at a * in a Jewish settlement in the occupied West Bank. The incident happened when a temporary * collapsed.

Irish officials say cyber criminals have launched a second attack in a week on the country's health system. A ransom note warned confidential patient data would be released unless 20 million dollars was paid.

Scientists have criticised the UN special envoy of climate change J.K for saying the technologies which don't yet exist will play a major role in stabilizing the climate. One expert said getting new technology onto the market took decades.

Chilean voters are going to polls for a second day to choose delegates to draft a new constitution amid concerns of a low turnout. President P.N has urged people to vote in large numbers.

Four teams competing at the Eurovision Song Contest have withdrawn from Sunday's opening ceremony as a precaution against coronavirus.

BBC news.
