BBC news with Justin Greene.

The G7 countries meeting in London has criticized both China and Russia for failing to meet international standard. In their final communique, Beijing was condemned for its treatment of minorities and Moscow for destabilizing behavior. The group failed to commit new money to the COVAX world scheme for Covid vaccines.

Facebook's oversight board has endorsed the company's suspension of Donald Trump but objected the open-ended nature of the ban and ordered a review. The former US president said the decision showed social media companies were corrupt and disgrace.

The secretary general of South Africa's governing parities the ANC has been suspended. Ace Magashule, a prominent rival of President Cyril Ramaphosa, faces a series of corruption charges which he denies.

The centrist Yair Lapid will try to form a new Israeli government after Benjamin Netanyahu was unable to do so. Mr. Lapid needs the support of five more MPs. If he fails, Israel could have its fifth election in two years. Mr. Netanyahu is urging a key ultra nationalist leader to reject a coalition with Mr. Lapid.

29 students kidnapped in March from a forestry college in northwest Nigeria have been freed according to their parents. A ransom was paid.

A former Brazilian Health Minister says he resigned because President Jair Bolsonaro was coercing him to prescribe against Covid, a drug that was proved to be dangerous and ineffective. Nelson Teich made the comments to a senate inquiry into the coronavirus crisis.

Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and many other independent groups have urged the UN Security Council to place an arms embargo against the gentry in Myanmar. They accused the military of committing human rights abuses.

And the French President has paid tribute to Napoleon on the 200th anniversary of the emperor's death, saying his legacy lives on, but acknowledged a dark side to the man. 

BBC news.
