BBC news with *

The Columbia President Iván Duque has withdrawn a tax reform bill which spiked days of violent unrest across the country. Mr. Duque said his government will work with other parties to produce new proposals. Unions have complained that the bill will have a disproportionate impact on the poorest people.

The United States and Britain has denied Iranian media reports that the agreement has been reached with Tehran on prisoner releases. Iranian state TV has suggested four Americans will be freed and returned for the release of four Iranians held in the US, and that the British Iranian [name] will be released.

United States has criticized the decision by El Salvidor National Assembly to dismiss the attorney general and five judges from the country's highest court. The US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said the attorney general [name] was an effective partner in an effort to combat corruption and crime.

A Palestinian woman has been shot dead by Israeli security forces in the occupied west bank. The military said she tried to attack soldiers with a knife.

More international aid is being flown to India amid continuing shortage of oxygen and other supplies needed to deal with the devastating second wave of the coronavirus infections. Britain has announced that it will dispatch further 1,000 * .

Manchester United premium league football match against Liverpool has been postponed after fans invaded the peach at all traffic before the game. Hundreds of supporters demanded the removal of the club's American owners.

And the percussionist [name] Jane has been named BBC Young Musician of 2020 for his performances on November. The Chinese-born musician, who is 17, has been performing around the world since he was 11 and is a member of the China youth percussion orchestra. Previous winners of the award have gone on to become global stars.

BBC news.
