BBC news with Morral Olderson.

Israel and the Palestinian militant group Hamas have agreed a ceasefire to take hold early on Friday. The truce brokered by Egypt will end 11 days on bombardments, in which more than 200 people have died.

The Duke of Cambridge has strongly criticized the BBC over what he called its woefully incompetence when investigating complains about the way its journalist Martin Bashir secured a 1995 interviewed with his mother Princess Diana. Responding to an independent report, Prince William said his mother have been failed by leaders at the BBC, who he said looked the other way. The cooperation has now made a full and unconditional apology.

The 8 countries of the Arctic Council have heard that region is warming 3 times faster than the rest of the world. New data says summer ice cover may totally vanish in the coming decades.

A former health minister in Brazil has confirmed that President Jair Bolsonaro and his ministers refused appeals for help from the state of Amazonas as it dealt with the surging Covid cases and ran out of oxygen. Eduardo Pazuello was giving evidence to a senate inquiry.

A new study of biodiversity shows the plant and animal degradation begun as far back as 4,000 years ago, with the start of agriculture and deforestation. It says ecosystems are being depleted to this day. 

The US Justice Department has seized 68 protected big cats from an animal park in Oklahoma that featured in a Netflix hit Tiger King. Officials say the couple who ran the park violated laws on care for endangered species.

One of Egypt's most celebrated comic characters Samir Ghanem has died of coronavirus aged 84. Ghanem was seen as an icon of what is known as the golden age of Egyptian cinema from the 1960s onwards.

BBC news.
