BBC news with Daniel *

More than 160 Palestinians have been injured in clashes with Israeli police in east Jerusalem. Several police are also reported to have been wounded. Tensions have been growing over the potential evictions of Palestinians from homes on land in east Jerusalem claimed by Israeli settlers.   

President Biden has insisted his economic program remains on track despite disappointing job figures for April. Mr. Biden said that although only a quarter of a million new posts have been created last month, his American rescue plan had been designed to help out over the course of the whole year.

The World Health Organization has granted emergency use status to a coronavirus vaccine produced by China's state-owned drug maker Sinopharm. It allows countries to authorize their own safety clearance, the two-shot vaccine.

Destruction of the Amazon rain forest in Brazil increased by more than 40% in April in comparison with the same month last year. Satellite pictures show that nearly 600 square-kilometers of forests were cleared last month, an area almost the size of New York city.

The name of the preferred heir to the throne of the South Africa's Zulu nation has been announced following the burial of the late queen Regent [name] Zulu. A lawyer revealed that in her will, the queen Regent had named her eldest son prince [name] Zulu as her chosen successor.

The population of California has declined for the first time in its history. State official said the drop to a declining birth rate, coronavirus related death and a steep drop in immigration because of the pandemic.

European football's governing body * says nine of the clubs that try to form a breakaway super league have agreed to pay penalties. But it says the three who refused to sign up, * and Barcelona of Spain and * of Italy will face disciplinary proceedings.

BBC news.
