BBC news.

Parliament in the Maldives is meeting an emergency session in the capital [place] after the speaker [name] was injured in an explosion. Mr. [name] served as the first democratically elected president in the Indian Ocean island nation. He is said to be in a stable condition in hospital. Local media report that the Islamist State group has claimed responsibility.

The US Defense Secretary [name] Austin has said the process withdrawing all contractors working in US forces in Afghanistan is underway, with heavy bombers and fighter jets being deployed to protect the departing * .

Polls in Britain are closing in an election for the * parliament in Scotland and Wales, and local government authorities in England. A West * parliament seat is also being contested.

South Africa's governing ANC party has been gripped by a power struggle as President Syril Ramaphosa seeks to rule out corrupt officials. He's attempted to suspend the Secretary General Ace Magashule, who faces * charges. But he's refusing to step down.

World Trade Organization has urged its members to start negotiations in earnest on proposals for a temporary wavier of patents for coronavirus vaccines. But pharmaceutical giants have opposed the idea.

At least 25 people have been killed in a police raid in Brazil against suspected drug traffickers in a neighborhood of [place]. Police said they acted on information that drugs gangs were recruiting children and teenagers.

A state department official has said the US and Iran could both return to compliance with the 2015 Nuclear Deal within weeks. But the official said that's depended on Iran taking the political decision to do so.

And IBM says it'd made a breakthrough in the manufacture of computer chips creating the smallest, fastest and most powerful yet. It says its two-nanometer chip can improve performance by about 45%.

BBC news.
