BBC news with Justin Greene.

The Israeli military has conducted air strikes in the Gaza strip on the day of escalating violence in Jerusalem. Palestinian officials say 20 people including nine children were killed in the strikes. Earlier, Hamas which runs Gaza fired rockets into Israel.

The Pentagon says a US naval ship has fired multiply warning shots after more than a dozen fast boats from Iran's revolutionary guards came close to an American submarine. A Pentagon's spokesman said the Iranian boats came within 130 meters of the US vessel.

US state of Georgia has abolished legislation passed during the Civil War that allowed residents to make citizens arrest. The move comes just over a year after a black man who was out jogging was shot and killed by a white man who said he suspected him of being a * .

The Nigerian government has re-introduced stricter lockdown conditions amid concerns about the fragility of the country's health system and disruption of vaccine deliveries. Face masks are now mandatory in all government buildings. Bars and nightclubs will remain closed and public gatherings restricted to 50 people. Most countries in Africa including Nigeria have experienced a second wave of the pandemic.

New data shows an area of forest larger than France has regrown naturally around the world over the past 20 years. The 59 million * have the potential to soak up as much carbon dioxide as that emitted by the United States in a year. But environmentalists have warned that more trees have been lost through deforestation than gained through forest regeneration.

The US TV network NBC has said it won't broadcast next year's Golden Global Awards. The decision comes as criticism grows about a lack of diversity within the Hollywood Foreign Press Association which oversees the ceremony.

BBC news.
