BBC news with Julie Candler.

Officials in Afghanistan say at least 30 people has been killed and more than 50 others injured in a blast at a school in Kabul. Many of those who died were school girls who just finished class. Most of the people living in the district in the west of the capital are from the Syed Ai-Shahda community, which has been targeted repeatably by the Islamist state group.

The European Commission President has dampened the hopes of the Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi that the EU might waive coronavirus vaccine patents to boost production. Speaking after a video summit, Ursula von der Leyen said boosting output to existing plants was the key. The French President Emmanuel Macron called on the United States to allow vaccine and components to leave the country.

Cuba has announced it will begin vaccinating its population against the coronavirus, using two jabs developed by its own scientists. The government said the aim was to vaccinate as quickly as possible the 1.7 million people who lived in the capital Navana. The two jabs were tested in hundreds of thousands of people in Iran earlier this year, during an early trail phase.

At least seven police officers have been killed in three separate attacks in Nigeria's southern city of Port Harcourt. Gunmen attacked a checkpoint and two police stations on Friday night. In one of the incidents, three policemen are reported to have been beheaded. It's not clear who carried out the killings.

The Brazilian football striker Neymar has signed a new four-year contract with the French club Paris Saint-Germain. Neymar, who's 29, was signed from Barcelona four years ago for a record transfer fee of 270 million dollars. He's previously expressed his wishes to return to the Spanish club, angering local fans in Paris. But Neymar says he's now more mature and happy at PSG.

BBC news.
