BBC news.

A Russian doctor who treated the opposition activist Alexei Navalny after he nearly died on a domestic flight last year, has been reported missing on a hunting trip. Police said Alexander Murakhovsky has not reported in from a Siberian forest since Friday. Searchers involving drones and a helicopter have failed to locate him.

About 1,200 migrants have landed on the Italian island of * within a short space of time. A sea rescue charity said many more were in difficulty off Malta.

The family of an outspoken anti-coup poet in Myanmar say he has died after being detained by the military. Khet Ti was arrested on Saturday in a town of Shwebo and taken away for interrogation.

The military in Chad has claimed victory over northern rebels following weeks of fighting. Crowds in the capital  N'Djamena cheered as soldiers returned from the front-line in a column of tanks and armed vehicles. But a spokesman for the rebels denied that the fighting was over.

A senior police official has been killed in a bomb attack in the Somali capital Mogadishu. They also let several people injured. The bomb was detonated outside a police station, killing the commander of the city's Waberi district.

Scotland's newly re-elected first minister Nikolas Strugeon has told the British prime minister that the question of a new independence referendum is a matter of when, not if. Ms. Strugeon's pro-independent Scottish national party fell just one seat short of a overall majority, as it's went back for a fourth term in office.

The winning horse in American's most prestigious race the Kentucky Derby has failed a drugs test. Medina Spirit ridden by John Velazquez won in the 1st of May, giving its trainer Bob Baffert a record seven victory in the race.

BBC news.
