BBC news with Aileen McHugh.

President Biden has said he want 70% of adult in the United States to receive a first dose of coronavirus vaccine by the 4th of July. Around 56% have already have one jab and a third have received both.

Pfizer says it revenue and profits are set to jump because of demands of its Covid vaccines. It expects profit to increase by 45%. Two other big vaccine makers AstraZeneca and Johnson & Johnson are selling their vaccine on not-for-profit basis.

The first results from Madrid's regional elections suggests a landslide victory for the center-right, which governs the Spanish capital. It's been seen as approval for the next coronavirus policy served the head of the assembly.

A former health minister in Brazil has told a coronavirus inquiry that President Jair Bolsonaro ignored his advice on the importance of social distancing and lockdowns. Luiz Mandetta told senators he felt the president had a policy of herd immunity.

The Mexican President has pleaded that the investigation into the metro overpass collapse in the capital will be opened and spared no one. The bridge was built when the current foreign minister was the city's mayor. 24 people have died.

A deadline has passed for the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to form a government following another inclusive election in March. The president can now asked another politician to try to build a coalition or call on parliament to select a candidate.

Egyptian judges have reject a request to release the Ever Given, a cargo ship that blocked the Suez Canal in March. The ship's owner and Suez Canal's authority are in dispute over compensation for the incident.

And the Lower House of the French parliament has backed a series of concrete measures to combat climate change. They include banning airport expansion and reduction in packaging waste.

That's the BBC news.
