BBC news with Fiona McDonald.

NATO is demanding an international investigation into why a passenger plane with a Belarusian opposition activist on board was forced to land in Minsk. The NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg called the flight's diversion while on route to Lithuania a dangerous incident. The opposing journalist was arrested in Minsk. Reports say President Lukashenko of Belarus personally dispatched a fighter jet to redirect the Ryanair plane whose pilots were told there was a bomb on board.

Relatives and supporters of George Floyd, the African American killed by a white policeman in Minneapolis, are gathering for a rally to mark the first anniversary of his death. The event is taking place outside the county buildings where George Floyd's killer Derek Chaulvin who will learn on Tuesday how long he'll have to spend in prison. The death of George Floyd triggered a wave of protests across the US and elsewhere about racial injustice.

Brazil's President Jair Bolsonaro has led more than thousands of his right-wing supporters on motorcycles through Rio de Janeiro in defiance of coronavirus restrictions. Thousands lined Rio streets to wave to their president.

14 people were killed in northern Italy when a cable car plunged 20 meters to the ground as it approached a mountain summit beside Lake Maggiore Hikers nearby heard a hissing sound immediately before the crash, adding to speculation that a cable supporting the car had snapped.

The Ethiopian government has dismissed allegations that civilians in the war-torn Tigray region have been targeted with chemical weapons by the Ethiopian or Eritrean armies. But Britain's Telegraph Newspaper has reported that several people have suffered terrific burns consistent with the use of white phosphors. 

And in football, Lyon have become French champions for the first time in a decade.

BBC news.
