BBC news with Morral Olderson.

European Union leaders have agreed to ban Belarusian airlines after a flight within the block was diverted to Minsk and a journalist arrested. The EU had also said it will extend targeted economic sanctions against the Belarusian authorities in response to the detention of Roman Protasevich. Earlier, the journalist appeared in a video, apparently confessing to organizing mass protests against the Belarusian president. In a statement which appeared to have been prepared for him, Mr. Protasevich said he was cooperating with investigators.

There has been widespread international condemnation of what appears to be a new attempted coup in Mali. The United Nations, EU and others demanded the release of Mali's transitional President Bah N'Daw and the Prime Minister Moctar Ouane.

The fugitive Italian mobster Rocco Morabito has been arrested in Brazil. He's one of the bosses of the Ndrangheta, the Calabian mafia and organized major drug trafficking operations. Known as 'the cocaine king of Milan', Morabito has been on the run since the mid-1990s.

US Olympic officials say they are confident their athletes will be able to take part safely in the Tokyo Games despite US government advise not to travel to Japan because of the coronavirus. The Japanese government is trying to control a surge in Covid-19 infections.

Peru's armed forces say the members of the Shining Path rebel groups have killed at 14 people in an attack in  Ene province. President Francisco Sagasti has ordered the deployment of security forces to the area.

The Australian government has been accused of prioritizing celebrities over thousands of separated families during the pandemic. Australia closed its borders to most foreign nationals last year and has limited the returns of its own citizens, but many celebrities and sport stars have been able to travel under special exemptions.  

BBC news.
