BBC news.

The head of the US-led military mission in Afghanistan, General Scott Miller, has warned against attacks on foreign troops as they start to withdraw, saying they have the means to response forcefully. He made his remark after the Taliban said the militants were not longer bounded by an earlier commitment not to attack international forces there. The Taliban are angry that there has been a delay in implementing a withdraw agreement.

Somalia's President has back down on his plan to delay election and stay in power for two more years. Following international and domestic pressure, President Mohanmed Abdullahi Farmaajo told parliament he was directing his prime minister to prepare for the election.

There have been clashes between police and demonstrators in France during May Day rallies. In Paris, police said they stopped hooded youths trying to gather in front of a trade union march. Officers fired tear gas and some protesters threw stones. Earlier police alone fired tear gas at far-left activists.

12 people with Covid-19 have died in India's capital Delhi after the hospital they were in run out of oxygen. Delhi's chief minister described the news as painful and called again for emergency supplies.

There have been reports of progress at talks in Vienna aimed at rescuing the 2015 Iran Nuclear Deal. As a third round of negotiation ended, Iran's chief negotiator said the process as slow but it was moving forward.

The British government is cutting its core funding to the UN Children's Fund by 60%. UNICEF said it was deeply concerned about the decision which it warned would have serious consequences for children around the world.

Pope Francis has begun a month-long series of prayers for the end of the pandemic. He recited the first rosary at St. Peter's Basilica in Rome.

BBC news.
