BBC news.

International calls for de-escalation in the conflict between Israel and Hamas have had not effects so far as bombardments continue into a fourth night. The number of dead in Gaza has passed 100, while seven people have been killed in Israel. Fresh violence is broken out in mixed Arab and Jewish towns in Israel. 

President Biden has hailed what he called the extraordinary success of the Covid vaccination campaign in the United States. He was speaking after the Centers for Disease Control, said fully vaccinated people not longer need to wear masks. The president said Americans can see the smile on each other's faces again. He urged those who haven't had both shots to keep wearing masks.

Workers started in Denmark to dig up an estimated 13,000 tons of mink carcasses buried after the government ordered the coronavirus related cull in November. They'll be incinerated. Now it's deemed they pose no risk of infection. The cull which had no legal basis sparked a political crisis.

The president of Nepal is reappointed KP Sharma Oli as prime minister three days after he resigned following his failure to win a confidence vote in Parliament. Opposition parties failed to form a new government before the Thursday night deadline. Mr. Oli needs to prove a majority in Parliament within 30 days.

The Canadian province of Quebec has set out new legislation designed to strengthen the use of the French language and curb its decline. Quebec was settled by French explorers in the 16th century. It's the only French-speaking jurisdiction in North America.

American scientists say Californian condors have retained a high degree of genetic diversity, despite a population of just a few hundred. They say their diversity is a legacy of their large populations in the distant past.  
