BBC news with Neil Nunes.

Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Hamas and Islamic Jihad will pay a heavy price for what he called their belligerence. His comments came after Palestinian militants in Gaza fired a large number of rockets towards Tel Aviv and its suburbs, killing at least one person. An energy pipeline between the cities of Eilat and Ashkelon was also hit. The rocket barrage came after an Israeli air strike destroyed an apartment building in Gaza city. The United States says the violence between Israeli and the Palestinians is deeply lamentable and has urged restraint from both sides to avoid further civilian death.

A senior official in Ethiopia's Tigray region says local people are being deliberately prevented from farming and seeds are being blocked from reaching the region. The official did not name those responsible but referred to areas where Eritrean soldiers and Ethiopian troops from the Amhara region are based.

Croatia has issued an international arrest warrant for one of the country's top football coaches after he fails to report to a prison to start a sentence. Zoran Mamic was convicted of embezzling funds from his club Dinamo Zagreb in February but absconded to neighboring Bosnia.

A court in Russia has imposed restriction on three political activists, including one who gained prominence at a protest two years ago. Olga Misik and two companions were found guilty of vandalism for spreading paint on a guard booth outside the Prosecutor-General's office in Moscow.

A judge in Mauritania has ordered the country's former president Mohammed Ould Abdel Aziz, who has been accused of corruption to be placed under house arrest.

And Manchester City have been crowned English Premier League football champions after their nearest challengers Manchester United lost. It's City's third title in four seasons.

BBC news.
