BBC news with Morral Olderson.

There's mounting pressure on Israel and Palestinian militants to halt 10 days of cross-border attacks. In his latest telephone conversation with the Israeli Prime Minister, President Biden has asked Benjamin Netanyahu for significant de-escalation. Mr. Netanyahu says he will continue the military operation.

The US and Russian foreign ministers are meeting in Iceland to discuss their strained relationship and to try to organize a summit between both countries' presidents. Sergey Lavrov from Antony Blinken are speaking on the sidelines of the Arctic Council meeting in Reykjavik. Mr. Blinken said Washington wanted a stable relationship with Moscow.

There has been some extremely volatile trading in crypto currencies after China warned bans about their use. At one point, the best known, Bitcoin, was trading a less than half its all time high.

Donald Trump has reacted angrily to the news that an inquiry into his business dealings by the New York attorney general was now a criminal investigation. His company has been under investigation over alleged tax and insurance fraud.

Operators of the colony fuel pipeline in the US have confirmed they paid more than 4 million dollars in ransom to the criminal gang, which hacked into its system earlier this month forcing a shutdown. The chief executive said the payment was made because of uncertainty over how long the closure will last.

Doctors in Ethiopia's northern Tigray region said soldiers have threaten patients and medical staff in a hospital as they searched for enemy fighters. Troops removed bandages and intravenous fluids from the sick and pointed their guns at doctors and nurses.

Scientists say fires which lie hidden under the winter snow in the northern hemisphere and come to life in hotter weather could become more common because of climate change. Research suggests that so-called zombie fires would break out more frequently.

BBC news.
