BBC news with Moro Olderson.

Israeli air strike on Gaza and rocket fire by Palestinian militants towards southern Israel are continuing after a day of protests in the occupied West Bank. Three Palestinians were killed in clashes with the Israeli security forces in * and nearby.

Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says Palestinian militants have been set back many years by nine days of Israeli bombardment. He said Hamas had received unexpected blows and Israel's enemies were paying the price for aggression.

Kenya has warned it could run out of coronavirus vaccines as early as next week. It has received fewer than a million doses so far from the COVAX program for a population of 50 million. The African continent is facing shortages partly because India, the main supplier, has been dealing with its own crisis.

A nurse in Britain who was thanked by the prime minister Boris Johnson for saving his life when he had Covid has resigned in dissolution. [name] who's from New Zealand said nurses were not getting the pay and respect they deserved.

The French President Emmanuel Macron has called for major reforms in the way African countries are given financial assistance. At a summit considering damage from the pandemic, Mr. [name] link between the continent's economic troubles are the spread of Islamist militancy.

The Japanese government has withdrawn legislation that would have further tightened asylum laws after an outcry over the death of a Sri Lankan woman at a detention center in March. The bill would have made it easier to deport failed asylum seekers. 

One of Argentina's top football clubs River Plate is struggling to put out a team for crucial match this week after 25 players tested positive for Covid. Among those infected are all four of the club's goalkeepers registered for the * .

BBC news.
