BBC news.

President Biden has announced that the United States will complete its military withdraw from Afghanistan no later than the 20th anniversary of the September 11th terror attacks. Mr. Biden said it was time to end America's longest war.

The cryptocurrency firm Coinbase has hit a market value of nearly 100 billion dollars on its first day of trading in Wall Street. The listing is seen as the latest step towards cryptocurrencies gaining wider acceptance among traditional investors.

A white former policewoman in the US State of Minnesota has been charged with manslaughter over the fatal shooting of a young black man following a confrontation at a traffic stop. Kimberly Potter resigned after the death of Daunte Wright in the suburb of Minneapolis on Sunday night, saying she's meant to draw her taster.

A key committee of the US House Representatives has voted in favor of advancing legislation that would make the nation's capital Washington DC the 51st state. The approval by the House Oversight Committee means the proposal could go forward to the full house for a vote. 

Health officials in the Brazilian state of Sao Paulo say they're running out anesthetics needed to help patients with serious complications from Covid-19. The governor has made an urgent request for extra supplies from the federal government.

The international aid agency, Doctors without Borders, says it's appalled by an attack on an orphanage in Haiti on Sunday, which left children and staff being sexually assaulted. More than 15 armed men broke into the building in the capital Port-Au-Prince.

Iraqi Kurdish officials say a drone has dropped explosives near American troops, stationed at Erbil airport in the north of the country. The incident is the first of its kind in the area.

BBC news.
