BBC news with Julie Candler.

A funeral has taken place in Britain of Queen Elizabeth husband, the Duke of Edinburgh, after minutes silence across the UK. Queen Elizabeth and other senior members of British royal family were among only 30 people allowed in St.George's * because of coronavirus restrictions. But more than 700 military personnel took part outside. Military bands played musics, some of which were requested by the Duke himself.

The number of coronavirus death surround the world has recently about 3 millions. Figures compiled by Johns * University showed that the United States has suffered the highest number of the * followed by Brazil, Mexico and India.

Doctors for the imprisoned Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny have warned that blood test results show he is at risk of kidney failure and subsequent heart failure. Mr. Navalny has been on hunger strike for 18 days in protest not being allowed to be treated by his own doctors.

Russia has expelled a Ukrainian diplomat after accusing him of spying, prompting a similar expulsion from Ukraine. A Russian statement said the intelligence services had discovered [name] received classified information. Mr. [name] was given 72 hours to leave. Ukraine has expelled a Russian diplomat in response.  

Pakistan's Prime Minister [name] has said western government should treat people who insulted the prophet Mohammed in the same way they do * . Mr. [name] said Muslims couldn't tolerate disrespect towards the prophet and those indulge and hate under the * of free speak should apologize.

The internationally-known * [name] has died at the age of 35. On Friday, the Royal Danish Theatre announced it was cancelling a planned production of ballet, for which he was a guest * . It's said there has been recent allegation of unacceptable behavior.

BBC news.
