BBC news with Debbie Russ.

President Biden has announced that the US has reached his administration's goal of delivering two-hundred-million coronavirus vaccines in his first hundred days in office. He said the effort may have saved tens of thousands of lives. By Thursday, Mr. Biden said 80% of over 65s would have got at least one jab.  

The US justice department has announced its civil investigation into the Minneapolis police department a day after one of its formal officers was convicted of murdering George Floyd. The attorney general [name] said the inquiry would examine whether there had been a pattern of unconstitutional policing. 

Supporters of Russia's leading opposition activist Alexei Navalny have held a day of protest across the country. Thousands gathered for unauthorized evening rallies in Moscow and St. Petersburg, demanding that Mr. Navalny who's been on hunger strike for three weeks be free or given access to better medical care.

The Czech foreign minster has threating further expulsion of Russian diplomats unless Moscow allows 20 Czech nationals it expelled this week to return. [name] said the Czech embassy in Russia was paralyzed after being left just 5 diplomatic staff. 

A car bomb has killed 4 people at a hotel in the Pakistani city of [place]. But the Chinese ambassador has been * . At least 11 others were hurt. The ambassador was out at that time.

Police in Brazil say they have arrested one of world's biggest arm stealer [name], also known as the lord of weapons, was arrested in a * town in the out * of [place].

The United States has removed restrictions on drown flies in a key step towards their use of commercial deliveries. They will now be able to fly over people in the ground without first gaining permission. They are also permitted to fly at night in most circumstances. 

That's the latest BBC news.
