BBC news.

The Duke of Edinburgh, Queen Elizabeth's husband, is to be buried in Windsor next Saturday. Prince Philip died on Friday at the age of 99. Because of coronavirus restrictions, the ceremonial royal funeral will take place entirely within the grounds of Windsor Castle with no public processions, but it will be televised. People are encouraged not to come to Windsor on the day.

Reports from Myanmar say the military killed dozens of people for suppressing a protest in the central city of Bango on Friday. Witnesses say the soldiers have used heavy weapons and shot at anything that moved. The exact number of people who died may never be known, as the soldiers are said to have taken away the bodies of their victims.

Three soldiers have been executed for treason in Saudi Arabia. The authorities accused them of targeting the kingdom's security and military interest. They were executed close to the border with Yemen where Saudi Arabia is fighting Iranian-backed Houthi rebels.

The home of one of Russia's highest profile investigative journalists has been raided by the security services. Roman Anin’s lawyer said the raid could be linked to a lawsuit, the chief executive of the energy company Rosneft, a close ally of President Putin has filed.

Libya has begun inoculating its citizens against coronavirus after receiving vaccines from the international COVAX program and from Russia. The interim Prime Minister Abdulhamid Dabaiba launched the roll-out by receiving a first jab himself.

For the first time in its history, a woman has written to history in Britain's Grand National, one of the world's most famous horse races. Rachael Blackmore’s mount Minella Times surged ahead after the final fence to reach the winning post with a 6.5 length lead. 

BBC news.
