BBC news. 

President Biden has described the massacre of Armenians in the Ottoman empire as genocide. He made the declaration on the 106th anniversary of the day the program started during the First World War. For decades, American presidents have used diplomatic language, concerned the calling-it genocide would harm relations with Turkey. President Erdogan said the issue should be doubted with by historians and not politicized. 

Southeast Asian leaders have held a face-to-face meeting with Myanmar's military ruler, telling him that his troops must stop killing protesters. Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore also told general Min Aung Hlaing on his first trip aboard since seizing power that political prisoners must be release.

The Indonesian military has confirmed that a navy submarine missing since Wednesday has sunk. Search team have discovered debris. It'd 53 sailors on board.

President Bolsonaro of Brazil says he will deploy the army to cities if lockdown measures imposed by state governors caused hunger or riots. He described the restrictions as cruelty against those need to earn a living. State governors across Brazil have bypassed his authority and imposed temporary curfew and other measures to contain the spread of the virus.

Indian hospitals are still struggling with an escalating coronavirus crisis, with experts saying the worse is still to come. One virologist told the BBC that the rate of region infections were climbing, suggested the crisis would now peak for another two weeks. The are almost no intensive care beds left in Delhi. Acute oxygen shortages have been reported from all over the country.

The first Lebanese-made car, an electric vehicle, has been formally unveiled to the public. It's a sleek high performance car called the Quds Rise, which will sale for 30,000 dollars.

BBC news.
