BBC news with Jerry Smith.

The military authorities in Myanmar have arrested one of the country's best known celebrities. He's been active in protest about the coup in February. Paing Takhon, a 24-year-old actor, was detained in a dawn raid.

Myanmar's envoy to the UK has spent the night in his car near the embassy in London after he was locked out last evening. Kyaw Zwar Minn said the embassy had been taken over by the Burmese military.

The Philippines has told Beijing to remove all Chinese ships from a disputed sea area that's become the focus of rising tensions. More than 200 Chinese vessels gathered at Whisum reef in the South China Sea. Beijing says they are fishing boats.

Prosecutors in Taiwan are seeking a court permission to detain a second person in connection with the train collision last Friday which killed 50 people. The train derailed when it hit a maintenance vehicle which rolled down onto the tracks a minute before.

A legal expert from the WHO has warned that a loss of trust in the AstraZeneca Covid vaccine could be a huge blow to efforts to fight the virus. Professor Lawrence Gostin said the vaccine was a lifesaver and should be used in spite of a warning from the EU drugs regulator that blood clots can be a very rare side effect.

An India pharmaceutical company licensed to make global supplies of AstraZeneca's coronavirus vaccine has accused Europe and US of holding back vital raw materials needed for production. The head of the Serum Institute of India said that the production capacity was stressed. 

South American leaders will hold emergency talks in Mozambique later today on how to respond to a wave of Jihadist's attacks in the country. This comes two weeks after militants laid siege to the town of Palma.

BBC news.
