BBC news with Fiona McDonald.

Italy's Prime Minister Maria Graghi has presented a coronavirus recovery plan worth nearly 300 billion dollars to the Italian parliament. Mr. Graghi said the country's destiny laid in the project it encompasses. Most of the spending will come from EU grants and loans.

The US Secretary of State Antony Blinken has urged Ethiopia to address what he described as an impending humanitarian disaster in the northern region of Tigray. In a phone call with Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, he said troops from neighboring Eritrea should withdraw immediately.

Portugal has recorded no coronavirus related death in its latest daily statistics, for only the second times since the start of the pandemic. The country has proportionately the world's highest rate of infections and deaths in late January.

The United States is to share its stockpile of the AstraZeneca coronavirus vaccines with other countries, making it available as many 60 million doses once it's been approved by regulators.

In Turkey, a strict 30 days coronavirus lockdown has been imposed from Thursday. More than 37,000 new cases were reported on Monday.

Spain's Maritime authorities say 17 people have been found death on a boat near the Canary island. Three survivors were airlifted from the vessel. All the migrants were Sub-Saharan Africans.

The US vice President Kamala Harris is holding a virtual meeting with the Guatemalan President Alejandro Giammattei to discuss how to reduce the number of Guatemalans attempting to cross into the US. The two would seek to address immediate relief needs of the Guatemalan people.

And the US population has grown in its lowest rate since 1930s, according to data released by the census bureau. 
331.5 millions lived in the US in April 2020.

BBC news.
