BBC news with Chris Barrel.

President Biden has unveiled a 2-trillion-dollar infrastructure plan which he hopes will lead to the biggest investment in American jobs since World War II. The focus is on modernizing roles and bridges, replacing lead pipes and promoting climate initiatives. Congress will need to approve the plan.

France has reintroduced coronavirus restrictions nationwide as it battles a rising number of infections. The month-long shutdown will see schools and non-essential shops closed. People are again being asked to work from home.

The head of the European Medicines Agency says that's no reason to limit the use of the AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccines. Emer Cooke was speaking after Germany suspended its use of the jab in people under the age of 60 over concerns about blood clots.

The jailed Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny has said he's going on hunger strike because he's not receiving medical help for back pain and problems with his legs. The Russian Prison Service rejected his accusations. It said he was being provided with all necessary medical assistance.

Troops are being sent to the Indian state of Nandigram to help maintain calm ahead of the second phrase of bitterly fought state elections on Thursday. The governing Hindi nationalist BJP is trying to oust the state's chief minister Mamata Banerjee, a fierce critic of Narendra Modi.

It's emerged that a woman who founded the British gambling website Bet365 was paid 580 million dollars last year. Denise Coates made almost as much as all the FTSE 100 chief executives combined.

Germany, the 4-time winners of the Football World Cup, have been beaten 2:1 by North Macedonia in a qualifying match for next year's competition. It's the first time Germany have lost a World Cup qualifier in 20 years.

BBC news.
