BBC news with Fiona McDonald.

President Biden has told Americans they no longer need wear masks outdoors once they fully vaccinated. He celebrated the country's progress against Covid by taking his first walk at the White House with not face covering. But the authorities still recommend wearing them indoors and at crowded events.

There's been a mark increase in US consumer confidence with the monthly index rising to its highest level in over a year. Google has reported strong profits and revenue for the first quarter.

There are suggestions that India has under-recorded coronavirus deaths as the country continues to be engulfed by a new wave of infections. The official figure, now approaching 200,000, only includes hospital deaths. Other sources indicate the toll could be twice as high.

The Senate in Brazil, another of the worst-hit countries, has opened an inquiry into the government handling of the pandemic. Among other things, the panel will look into President Bolsonaro's attempt to stop lockdowns.

The FBI has begun an investigation into the police killing of a black man Andrew Brown Jr. in north Carolina last week. His lawyer said he was shot four times in the arm and then killed by a bullet in the head.

There has been an appeal for urgent aid for Saharan countries in western Central Africa. The UN and charities say Islamist violence and the resulting displacement have left 29 million people needing help, including food aid.

The European parliament has voted on a ratification of the new Trade and Cooperation Agreement with Britain. Result will be known on Wednesday. The parliament's president has warned London not to backslide on the accord.

And parliament in Hungary has passed laws that will let private foundations run state universities and cultural institutions. Critics say the change is an attempt to extend the right-wing ideology of the governing Fidesz party.

BBC news.
