BBC news.

Police guarding the US Capitol Building in Washington have shot a man dead after he ran over to police officers, killing one of them. They said he'd also launched at them with a knife. President Biden says he's heartbroken at the death of the officer William Evans. The attacker Noah Green was reportedly not known the police. They say his act doesn't seem to have been terror-related.

The US State Department has hailed as a healthy step forward the scheduling of indirect talks with Iran on reviving the 2015 nuclear deal. Both country's delegates will travel to Vienna on Thursday for separate sessions of talks with the other parties to the agreement. 

Washington is lifting sanctions that the Trump administration had imposed on the chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court. Fatou Bensouda was sanctioned after announcing an investigation into whether US troops with guilty war crimes in Afghanistan. 

The Netherlands is suspending the use of the AstraZeneca coronavirus vaccine for people under the age of 60. It follows five reported cases of blood clots.

A rebel group in the Central African Republic says its leader Sidiki Abass has died after being wounded while fighting.

Two days after the jailed Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny went on hunger strike, Russian state media have released a series of videos apparently intended to discredit him. They filmed a visit by Kremlin official who seem telling Mr. Navalny his jail is better than a hotel.

The top homicide investigator from Minneapolis has told the murder trail of Derek Shauvin, the former police officer who last year knelt to the neck of George Floyd, that the use of force was totally unnecessary. Lieutenant Richard Zimmerman said he himself have never been trained to kneel on someone's neck.

BBC news.
