BBC news with Chris Barrel.

The United States is among several countries that have announced new and ambitious targets to reduce climate change. During a global video summit, President Joe Biden's pledge to commit the US to halving its emissions by 2030 was welcomed by European leaders, marking an end to four years of US climate change skepticism under Donald Trump.

Chile has announced plans to create a high seas marine protected area in the eastern Pacific as part of efforts to address climate change. Speaking at a virtual climate summit, President Sebastian Pinera said the area that would be protected, the Nazca Ridge, has huge biodiversity.

Hundreds of people, including US civil rights leaders and prominent politicians have attended the funeral of Duante Wright, a young black man shot dead by police earlier this month. The service in Minneapolis heard impassioned appeals for police reform.

A team of Russian doctors allied to the jailed opposition activist Alexei Navalny have urged him to stop his hunger strike immediately. The doctors have been denied access to Mr. Navalny, but say they have seen medical test results suggesting that he will die if he doesn't end his protest soon.

The French Prime Minister says his country seems to over the peak of the third wave of the coronavirus pandemic. John Castex said that some lockdown measures would be eased next month, but an evening curfew would remain in place.

A Syrian sailor who was forced to stay on a vessel marooned off the Egyptian coast for four years is being allowed to go home. After the vessel ran aground, the Egyptian authorities named Mohammad Aisha as its legal guardian, meaning he had to stay aboard. The International Transport Workers Federation successfully campaigned for his release for what he called his metal prison.

BBC news.
