BBC news.

The United States has hailed the start of talks in Vienna which aimed to revive the international nuclear deal on Iran's nuclear program as a welcomed and constructive step. A State Department spokesman said he nonetheless expected the discussions to be difficult and did not anticipate an early breakthrough. The two sides did not meeting directly. Instead, European diplomats are shuttling between them.

An Iranian ship is reported to have come under attack in the Red Sea. Media in Iran gave conflicting accounts, saying the vessel was damaged by a mine or a missile. Israel and Iran have accused each other of carrying out numerous attacks on each other's shipping in recent months.

Brazilian health officials say they've registered more than 4,000 coronavirus death in 24 hours, a new record. A third of a million Brazilians have died since the start of the pandemic, the second highest total in the world after the United States.

President Biden says the US on track to exceed its goal of giving 200 million vaccinations in his first hundred days in office. Mr. Biden said more than 80 percent of teachers have received at least one jab and reiterated that every American adult will be eligible for a jab from the 19th of April.

The United Nations has warned about a third of the entire population of the Democratic Republic of Congo is facing acute hunger. The World Food Programme and the Food and Agriculture Organization say more than 27 million Congolese people are currently in urgent need of food.

Dozens of people have been killed during border clashes between Ethiopian's Afar and Somali regions.

And researchers studying a freshly unearthed bronze age stone say it may be the oldest three-dimensional map in Europe. Archaeologists who study engravings on the 4,000-year-old stone say they seem to a map of part of western Briteli. The slab first uncovered in 1900 was rediscovered at a castle in 2014.
