BBC news.

The German President [name] has warned political leaders that they should get together in response to public frustration and feeling of powerlessness in the face of the coronavirus pandemic. In a televised national address, he urged people to pull together, saying Germany was neither the pandemic world champion it'd like to see itself as after the first wave, nor was it a total failure as it tended to view itself now.

France is going into a third lockdown late today following a dramatic rise in coronavirus cases that has overwhelmed hospitals in Paris. Non-essential shops will close as well as schools.

Thousands of people have marched through towns and cities in England and Wales in the latest protests against legislation making its way through parliament that aims to give police more power to curb demonstrations. Those who oppose the move say the legislation can be a very dangerous * .

Workers are re-installing * wide * and concrete barriers around parts of the Capitol Building * in Washington, a day after an attacker in a car ran over to police officers, killing one of them and injuring the other. The American flag on the Capitol is at half staff as it is in all federal buildings to honor the slain officer. His assailant was shot dead at the scene.

Amazon has apologized to US congressmen after disputing his claims that employees faced unfair working conditions, including not having access to bathrooms. Congressman [name] had accused Amazon of leaving some staff no option but to urinate in bottles. 

The mummified remains of 22 ancient Egyptian rulers are being transferred to a new museum in Cairo. Amid * 18 kings and 4 queens are being transported on custom-made vehicles designed to minimize vibration.

BBC news.
