BBC news.

President Biden has said that a new round of US sanctions imposed in Moscow is proportionate response to alleged Russian interference. Mr. Biden struck a moderate tone, stating that any escalation of tensions was in neither country's interests. Earlier, Russia called the new measures a serious blow to mutual relations.

The Whitehouse has insisted that the United States can keep an eye on any terror threats animating from Afghanistan without having US forces there. Mr. Biden's spokeswoman said the threat to the US from Al-Quade and other groups could be managed without an American presence.

The supreme court in Brazil has annulled the corruption convictions of the former president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, enabling the left-wing former leader to run for president again next year. Lula hopes to unite the opposition against Brazil's far-right President Jair Bolsonaro.

Human rights groups in Nigeria have warned that more than 20 pro-democracy prisoners who were on hunger strike could die and call for their immediate release. The detainees have been refusing food since their arrest more than a week ago at a protest demanding political change.

A design by eight Egyptian architects has won a competition to rebuild the historic al-Nuri mosque in Iraq, which was destroyed by the Islamic state group. The reconstruction of the complex is part of a wider UN organized effort to revive the battered spirit of Mosul.

The kidnapped mother of a 10-year-old Nicaraguan boy, who was found wandering in a desert area of Texas two weeks ago has been released. Millions of people have watched the video online of Wilton Obregon in tears begging for help from US border control agents. A gang in the Mexico-side of the border had demanded 5,000 dollars for her release.

BBC news.
