BBC news.

As the * has retired to consider its verdict, America is bracing itself for the outcome of the trail in Minneapolis of Dereck Chauvin, the former US police officer charged with murdering a black man George Floyd. The case is seen as a key moment in US race relations and policing. Security has been * up around the core building with barred wire and armed soldiers.

The chief medical examiner of Washington has found that the death of the capital police officer Brian [name], a day after the storming of Congress by rioters in January was due to natural causes. The examiner gave two strokes as the causes of death.

United Nations' children's agency says nearly 3,500 migrant children are now stranded in Mexico. The number is risen nine fold in the last three months, the majority from Honduras, Guatemala, [country] and Mexico itself. Half have travelled without their parents.

The UN world food program has said it would provide school meals to hundreds of thousands of Venezuelan children. The announcement follows a meeting between the WFP's executive director David [name] and President Nicolas Maduro in [place].

The Indian government has said every adult will be eligible to get a coronavirus vaccination from the start of next month, as it's struggled to contain a severe new wave. Health services in parts of India have been brought to their knees.

The US state department says the unprecedented global threats from the coronavirus pandemic is causing it to expand its "Do not travel" alert for Americans to about 80% of the countries.

Scientists in Chile have discovered a new kind of dinosaur dating back more than 60 million years. The * had a small head and a long neck and unusually flat back.  

BBC news.
