BBC news with Morral Olderson.

A new study says the Brazilian part of the Amazon Forest released 20% more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere in the past decade than it absorbed. Large scale logging and forest fires lead deliberately declared lent are being blamed. Brazil is home to 60% of the Amazon, the world's biggest tropical forest. 

A huge blast in eastern Afghanistan has killed about 30 people and injured dozens more. Official said the car bomb went off near a gas house in [place], the capital of [place] province. It's not yet known who carried out the attack.

The military in Chad says it's killed several hundred rebels during two days of fighting in the west of the country. It's not possible to independently verify the reports. Fighting has been taken place in the [place] region.

The Pentagon says the Biden's administration is canceling the construction of Donald Trump's wall along the US-Mexican border. Building the wall was a key policy of Mr. Trump, which he argued it was needed to stop illegal immigration.

The United States will restrict travels from India next week to try to stop the spread of Covid-19. The White House said the move will come into force on Tuesday, describing the number of coronavirus cases in India as extraordinary high.

Leading British teams and players from a range of sports have begun a four-day boycott of social media. They want Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to do more to stop online abuse. Some sponsors and European sporting bodies have also joining the protest.

Venezuelans have celebrated the * of [name], a doctor who treated the pool for free more than a century ago. He worked relentlessly during the Spanish flu pandemic and died in 1919 after being hit by a car.

That's the latest world news from the BBC.
