BBC news with David Harper.

Myanmar's deposed leader [name] has been charged with violating the country's official secrets act, which could carry a 14 year jail term. Three of her cabinet ministers and an Australia economic adviser have also been charged. They also faced a host of other allegations, including bribery.

The Dutch parliament is debating on a no-confidence motion in the Prime Minister Mark [name]. The opposition accused him of lying when he denies trying to silence a MP, who has been quietly critical of the government, but offering him a job elsewhere.

Police in * has dispersed a crowd of several thousands young people, who have been tricked into turning out for a non-existence concert. It was announced on social media, apparently as an April Fools Day joke.

Leading oil producing countries are to increase output in an attempt to stop fuel prices rising. The group OPEC+ said there has been improvements in the market because of global vaccination programs and stimulus packages, but production will still remain well below pre-pandemic levels.

The girlfriend of George Floyd, the black American whose death sparked protests across the world took the stand on Thursday in the trail of a white police accused of murdering him. [name] talked about how she first met Mr. Floyd and described their struggle with * . [name] denies the charges against him.

An Egyptian court has reversed a decision to release on bail four defendants in an * gang rape case. The men have been charged with drugging and sexual assaulting a young woman at a hotel in Cairo in 2014. The case helped * a "Me too" movement in Egypt.

The Paris * cycle race in France, known as the Hell of the North has been postponed from next weekend until October, because of concerns about the spread of coronavirus. Last year's race was canceled for the first time since the second World War.

That's the latest BBC news.
