BBC news.

Russia has announced that 20 Czech diplomats will be expelled from the country. On Saturday, the Czech Republic told 18 Russia diplomats to leave the country. A senior Czech official said the tit-for-tat expulsions would almost wipe out the political section of the Moscow embassy.

The US national security advisor Jake Sullivan has said there will be consequences if the Russia opposition leader Alexei Navalny dies in prison. The US and the European both say they hope Russia accountable for a safety.   

Shops and churches in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have reopened after a month. The move comes despite rising numbers of coronavirus death.

Six people have been killed on Sunday in the latest mass shootings in the United States. Police in Kenosha, Wisconsin are searching for gunman opened fire at a bar, killing three people. Several hours later, three people were shot dead in Texas.

The Egyptian Health Minister says that 11 people have died, and 98 others were injured in a train accident, a third in less than a month. Several carriages were derailed.

Iraqi security officials say at least five rockets have targeted at a military airbase that houses US contractors. The attack to the north of Baghdad in the latest in a series of such incidents.

European Football's governing body is threating to ban clubs that might try to break ways to form a cross-border super league. The statement is backed by the football associations of England, Italy and Spain.

4,000 spectators, the biggest crowd for a football match in England for more than a year have seen Leicester City taken on Southampton in a FA Cup semi-final match in Wembley Stadium in London. Leicester won by a goal.

BBC news.
