BBC news with Gareth Barlow.

The Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny is said to have lost 50 kilos since he was sent to a prison camp. Mr. Navalny is on hunger strike. He's also accused the authorities of depriving him of sleep and proper medical treatment. Last year, the Putin critic was the target of a nerve agent poisoning.

A new report says there are reasonable grounds to believe the Syrian government used chemical weapons in an attack on a town of Saraqib in 2018. International chemical arms watchdog said a cylinder full of chlorine was used. 

The World Health Organization says complacency could lead to the coronavirus pandemic lasting longer than it should. The WHO chief said the number of cases has been rising and countries should not rely on vaccinations alone. Some begun relaxing their Covid restrictions.

Another Ukrainian soldier has been killed in clashes with Russian-backed fighters in the east of the country. The death came amid increasing concerns about Moscow building up its forces near Ukraine. President Zelenskiy says Russia now has more than 80,000 soldiers there.

The Somali parliament has extended the mandate of President Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo by two years, despite an attempt by the Mogadishu police chief to suspend the session. The chief was swiftly sacked by the head of the national police. 

Police believed an accidental discharge of a weapon caused the death of a young black man near Minneapolis last night. The authorities told a news conference the policewoman who had attempted to detain Daunte Wright had tried to reach her taser stun gun but pulled her gun instead.

And two of the Duke of Edinburgh's grandsons William and Harry have paid tribute to him. William called him the Duke an extraordinary man with a mischievous sense of humor. Both Houses of Parliament in London devoted their sessions to tribute to the Duke of Edinburgh.

World news from the BBC.
