BBC news with Finoa McDonald.

President Biden has welcomed carbon-cutting pledges made at a two-day climate summit, but emphasized that leaders must implement their commitments. Correspondents say the online gathering achieved its main aim of demonstrating that the United States has returned to the international stage and was fully committed to tackling climate change.

The French President Emmanuel Macron has said France will never yield to Islamic terrorism. He was speaking after a police employee was stabbed to death inside the police station near Paris. Reports say the attacker was a Tunisian in his 30s. He was shot dead by police.

A former top advisor to the British Prime Minister Dominic Cummings has angrily condemned Boris Johnson. In a blog post, he denied leaking Mr. Johnson's text messages to the BBC. The former advisor was sacked last year.

An expert advisory panel in the United States has recommended the resumption of use of Johnson & Johnson coronavirus vaccine. Distribution of the single dose jab was suspended earlier this month after reports of weird blood clots.

Saudi Arabia has baned the imports of food and vegetable from Lebanon. It follows a discovery of millions of amphetamine tablets concealed in a shipment of pomegranates. The Saudi said the ban would stay in place until Lebanon promises to stop the systematic smuggling of drugs into the kingdom.

The Ugandan opposition politician Bobi Wine has been order to paid more than 90,000 dollars in taxes from armored car donated by supporters. The single-turned MP used the vehicle during the election campaign in January, which was marred by violence.

And the former Olympic athlete, reality TV star and transgender activist Caitlyn Jenner has said she will run to be the governor of California. Mr. Jenner is hoping to unseat the Democratic governor Gavin Newsom.

BBC news.
