BBC news.

An maintenance driver in Taiwan whose runaway truck caused the island's worst train accident in decades has now being detained. Earlier he had delivered an emotional apology. The accident killed at least 50 people. Taiwan's transport minister says he will resign once investigations are completed.

Jordan's deputy prime minister has accused Prince Hamzah, the half-brother of King Abdullah, of plotting with foreigners against the country's security. In a video message released earlier, the Prince had denied conspiring but had alleged corruption and nepotism at high levels.

The India state of Maharashtra is imposing new restrictions from Monday, the state accounts more than half the new coronavirus infections in India, which is currently recording the world's highest daily totals - today 93,000. 

Exit polls for Bulgarian's parliamentary election predict that the center-right party of Prime Minister Boico Boriserf has won the most votes, an estimated 25 percent. If confirmed, he will need the support of others to continue governing.

The European Union's foreign policy chief Josep Borrell has pledged EU support for the territory integrity of Ukraine. Mr. Borrell expressed severe concern about Russian military activity near Ukraine's borders. Moscow insists its troop movements are no threat.

The parliament of Kosovo has confirmed Vjosa Osmani as the country's new president. President Osmani, who is 38, is viewed by many younger women as a role model in a traditionally patriarchal society.

Pope Francis has used of his Easter message to call for an end to coronavirus vaccine delays. He hoped vaccines would soon be distributed to poor countries.

BBC news.
