BBC news with Justin Greene.

The police chief in the US city of Minneapolis has testified that the white officer on trail for the murder of George Floyd violated the department's policy on the use of force during his arrest. Chief Medaria Arradondo told the court that Derek Shauvin should stop kneeling on George Floyd's neck when he was no longer resisting.

The former crown prince of Jordan, Prince Hamzah, who has accused of plotting to destabilize the kingdom has issued a statement saying he has committed to the constitution and he's putting himself in the hands of his half-brother King Abdullah. He signed statement comes after hours of mediation.

Google has been spared having to pay potentially huge damages after the US supreme court ruled in its favor in the long-running copyright dispute with the technology rival Oracle.

US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen says she's pushing the G20 economic powers to agree on a global minimum cooperate tax rate to end a 30-year competitive race to the bottom. 

The Nigerian authorities say more than 1,800 inmates have escaped from a prison in the southeastern town of Owerri after it was attacked by gunmen. The police have accused the banned separatist group, the indigenous people of Biafra, of carry out the attack. It has reportedly denied any involvement.

The Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has accused more than a hundred retired naval officers of hinting at a coup after they wrote a letter criticizing his plan for a new Istanbul Canal. He said that in a country plagued by coups, another attempt by former admirals could never be accepted.

A priest and three other members of a Christian evangelical church in Haiti have been released, four days after being kidnapped during a religious ceremony. The event was being streamed live on social media when armed men entered the church and let the captives away. 

BBC news.
