BBC news.

The former police officer Dereck Shauvin has been found guilty of two charges of murder and one of manslaughter in the death of George Floyd, the African-American man he violently arrested in Minneapolis last May. The historic outcome has been seen as a landmark test of police accountability. Mr. Shauvin faces a maximum of 40 years in prison.

Plans for a football European super league are in disarray after the English club * and Manchester City said they were planning to withdraw. Hundreds of * fans have expressed delight. The British Prime Minster Boris Johnson said he hoped other clubs will now also pull out. Reports from Spain suggests Barcelona and * are also withdrawing. 

The Ukrainian President [name] has invited President Putin to meet him at eastern Ukraine. Russia has dramatically increased its forces along the border, raising fears of major * . Mr. [name] said millions of lives were at risk. He said his country was prepared to defend itself.

The president of Chad, [name], has died after being shot as he battled rebels on the front-line. He was killed hours after provisional election results showed he was heading for a sixth term in office.

The UN has launched * appeal for the * island of Saint Vincent, where a volcano has been erupting for weeks, displacing 20% of the population. The UN coordinator for the region said around 30 million dollars was needed. 

Dozens of US and Brazilian celebrities have sent a leader to President Biden, urging him not to agree any environment deal with Brazil's President Jair Bolsonaro. The US has been holding talks with Brazil since February on collaborating to stop the destruction of the Amazon rain forest. 

BBC news.
