BBC news with Morral Olderson.

Brazil has just announced that more than 400,000 people have now died with the coronavirus, as the country's health services continue to struggle. President Bolsonaro has consistently rejected lockdowns and social distancing measures. Brazil has the second highest number of Covid deaths in the world, after the United States.

Turkey entered its first comprehensive lockdown in an effort to bring under control the spread of the coronavirus. People would only be allowed to leave their homes for central shopping and urgent medical care. The measures will remain in force until the 17th of May.

The developer of the Russian Sputnik-V coronavirus vaccine has announced it will sue the Brazilian health regulator and Visa for deformation. Russia's state-run Gamaleya institute accused the regulator of knowingly spreading false information. Brazil says it's concerned about the possibility of a modified virus.

President Biden will shortly be holding a rally in the US State of Georgia to mark its 100th day in office. It's the first stop of a tour to urge Americans to support his plans to spend trillions of dollars rebuilding the economy.

Menthol cigarettes are to be banned across the United States under new plans proposed by the Food and Drug Administration. Flavored cigars will also be affected but methylated e-cigarettes won't. Experts say the move will save thousands of lives every year.

The Zulu royal family in South Africa has announced the death of its monarch Queen Shiyiew Mantfombi Dlamini Zulu. She was 65 years old and was installed as the monarch in Kwazulu Natal province only last month after the death of her husband.

The Dutch government has confirmed that the Eurovision Song Contest in Rotterdam will be held in front of a small live audience next month. Everyone attending will have to follow strict coronavirus guidelines.

BBC news.
