BBC news.

Washington is sending an immediate emergency medical aid to India, whose health services have been overwhelmed by a massive coronavirus surge. It includes urgently needed oxygen and * and material to boost India's domestic production of the AstraZeneca vaccine.

The India government has confirmed that it's ordered social media giants to remove about a hundred posts critical of its handling of the pandemic, including for opposition politicians. Twitter said it has complied with the request, blocking some materials for being viewed in India.

Researchers in Sweden say total military spending around the world rose to nearly two trillion dollars last year despite the pandemic. But some countries, including Chile and South Korea reallocated their military outlet to fund their response to the virus.

A tap has emerged of the Iranian foreign minister [name] in which he had criticizing the power of the revolutionary guards to set foreign policy. In particular, he says the late commander general [name] in effect took Iran into the war in Syria to help Russia.

The head of the organization for eastern Caribbean states has told the BBC that developed countries failed to appreciate the impact of natural disasters on small island communities. * was speaking weeks after a volcano eruption  on St. Vincent in gulf farm and ash, devastating the economy.

There has been a * among Palestinians after Israel police allowed them to gather on the steps of the entrance to Jerusalem's old city. The change of policy eased tensions that had resulted in three-nights of sometimes violent crashes. The * gate * is a popular night-time meeting place during * .

And a * ceremony is underway reshaped because of the pandemic. * is a fool, but so on masks and swabs. The French author [name] has picked the award for best-adapted screenplay "For the Father".

BBC news.
