BBC news with Neil Nunes.

Researchers in Brazil say more than half the patients with Covid-19 in intensive care are under 40. The Brazilian association of intensive care medicine said more younger patients were arriving with no pre-existing condition and were developing more severe cases of the virus.

Israeli public radio says the country has carried out a cyberattack on an Iranian nuclear facility. Kan radio said the Mossad spy agency has carried out a cyber operation at the Natanz facility, which is key to Iran's uranium enrichment program. 

An international charity said locust swarms, extreme weather and below-average rainfall mean millions of people in Somali will not have enough food. Save the Children says crop and vegetable production is expected to drop by 80% this season.

The polls have closed in Ecuador where a left-wing economist Andres Arauz and a conservative former banker Guillermo Lasso are competing for the presidency. Exit polls suggest the result may be a close score.

Voting sources were ended in Peru's presidential election. The campaign has been overshadowed by the pandemic, which has hit Peru hard. A second round in June looks likely.

Queen Elizabeth has said the lost of her husband, the Duke of Edinburgh has left a huge void in her life. According to their second son, the Duke of York, Prince Andrew said Prince Philip had been a remarkable man.

At least nine people have been kidnapped in Haiti including five priests and two nuns. A spokesperson for the Haitian bishop conference, Father Loudger Mazile said they have been abducted near the capital Port-au-Prince.

Golfer Hideki Matsuyama has won the US masters. Master Matsuyama becomes the first Japanese man and the first man from an Asian country to win a major golf in championship.

BBC news.
