BBC news.

The United States is to withdraw all of its troops from Afghanistan by the 11th of September, the 20th anniversary of the 911 attacks by Al-[]. The initial plan announced onto the Trump administration was to finish the pull out by the end of this month, but the deadline has been moved amid continuing Taliban violence.

France says it's coordinating an international response to Iran's declaration that it's moving closer to producing weapon's grade uranium. The French presidency described Iran's move as a serious development. Washington called the move provocative but said it would continue to engage with Iran at indirect talks. 

In the meantime, tensions between Iran and Israel are increasing. Tehran has blamed Israel for a sabotage attack on its nuclear enrichment facility at [place], when an explosion took place on Sunday. On the * reports said an Israeli owned ship off the coast of United Arab Emirates was hit by an Iranian missile.

The white policewoman who fatally shot a 20-year-old black man near Minneapolis on Sunday has resigned from the force, as has the police chief of [place] center, the town where it happened. The killing sparked two nights of unrest. The town's mayor said he hoped the resignation would bring some calm to the community.

President Biden says the United States is totally committed to supporting Ukraine's territory integrity. He made the comment in a phone call with President Putin, as Russian continues to build up its forces in and near to the neighboring country. Moscow says the troop deployment is a response to what it calls NATO threatening moves.

US health regulators have recommended the suspension of the one shot Johnson & Johnson coronavirus vaccine, because six recipients, all women developed rare and severe blood clots.

BBC news.
