BBC news with Morral Olderson.

US Federal investigators have carried out searches of the Manhattan home and office of Ruby Giuliani, the personal lawyer to Donald Trump and a former mayor of New York. Official said the FBI raid was part of an investigation into Mr. Giuliani's business dealings in Ukraine. Electronic devices were among items seized.

In a speech to a joint session of Congress marking his first 100 days in office, President Biden is expected to call for ambitious changes to the social benefits system. He also addressed sensitive issues including police reform, gun control and immigration.

The authors of a comprehensive new study have warned that the world's glaciers are melting at an accelerating rate. Warmer air and shifting snowfall patterns have been blamed for the accelerating loss.

British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is to face a formal investigation into how he paid for the refurbishment of his Downing Street department. The country's Electoral Commission said it had reasonable grounds to suspect that one or more offences had occurred.

A judge in North Carolina has blocked the immediate release of body cam footage from the police officers who shot dead the African American Andrew Brown. He is ordered to delay to allow for the completion of the investigation. Brown's family would be able to view the video in full have been so far just seen a 20-second clip.

Thousands of demonstrators have broken pandemic lockdowns in the main cities in Columbia to protest against the government's proposed tax reforms.  

The former American astronaut Michael Collins has died at the age of 90, Michael Collins flew the Apollo 11 command module around the moon in July 1969, where his crew mates, Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin became the first humans to land on its surface. Tributes to Collins have been laid by Buzz Aldrin and President Biden.

BBC news.
