BBC news with Debbie Russ.

Russia has expelled 10 US diplomats and has banned visits by some American officials in response to President Biden's new sanctions on Moscow. Those banned from entering Russia including the FBI director Christopher Wray and Susan Rice, who was US ambassador to the UN. Russia's foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow was also tightening the restrictions on US diplomats travelling within Russia.

Raul Castro has confirmed that he's stepped down as the head of Cuban Communist Party, ending his family six decade domination of the island's politics. He's the younger brother of the late leader of Cuban Revolution, Fidel Castro. Raul Castro who is 89 said he was handling over the leadership to a new generation of Cubans, who were full of passion and anti-imperialist spirit.

China's leader Xi JinPing has called for global cooperation against climate change. He was speaking during a virtual meeting with the leaders of France and Germany. The US envoy on climate change John Kerry was in Shanghai as the leader spoke. He's trying to persuade China to agree to further cuts in greenhouse gas emissions. 

A weekend curfew has come into force in the Indian capital Delhi, as the country hits its worst point yet in the pandemic. Only essential services are allowed. Shopping malls, gyms, bars and restaurants are all closed.

In Brazil, the state of Sao Paulo will begin easing coronavirus restrictions introduced last month. Churches and shops will reopen on Sunday, while restaurants, gyms and hairdressers will open a week later. On average, 3,000 Brazilian are dying of Covid every day.

Hundreds of celebrity influencers are to be compensated for turning out four years ago on an island in the Bahamas for a music festival that never happened. The fire festival was built as a luxury party, but celebrities found themselves in a very poor accommodation, eating only cheese and sandwiches.

BBC news.
