BBC news.

President Biden has welcomed the Senate's vote in favor of his Covid relief plan, saying it will change the life of the American people. It's one of the biggest stimulus packages in American history - worth nearly 2-trillion dollars. 

The pope has celebrated a mass at St. Joseph Cathedral in Baghdad during the first-ever visit to Iraq by pontiff. Earlier, he held an unprecedented meeting with Iraq's top Shiite religious leader. 

Lebanon's care-taker Prime Minister has warned that the country is on the brink of an explosion as its dire economic plight worsen. Hassan Diab said there was a serious social crisis with supermarket shoppers in Beirut fighting recently over powdered milk.

Paraguay's President Mario Abdo Benitez has asked his entire cabinet to stand down after violent clashes between police and protesters angered the government's handling of the pandemic. Health workers say hospitals have run out of medicines and equipment to treat Covid patients.

There's been further violence in Senegal with protests in at least three towns. The West African regional body ECOWAS has added its voice to calls for calm.  

There's widening scandal in Germany over alleged profiteering by officials involved in the procurement of personal protective equipment. A second MP from the governing coalition has been accused of receiving hundreds of thousands of Euros in commission for brokering contracts for coronavirus masks.

Hundreds of demonstrators have protested outside a Bangkok's courthouse, demanding the release of the activists accused of insulting the Thai's monarchy. Protesters want the government to change the strict rules that protect the Royal family from criticism.

An Air France flight from Paris to Delhi was forced to make an emergency landing after a passenger became violent. The Indian national has been charged with endangering flight safety.

BBC news.
