BBC news with Gareth Barlow.

The head of the FSB Security Service Alexander Bortnikov is one of seven Russian officials targeted by new United States sanctions. Washington said the FSB was behind the attempt to murder the opposition leader Alexei Navalny with a nerve agent. The announcement was a coordinated move with the European Union, which also sanctioned four Russian officials. Moscow has denounced the move and vowed to respond in kind.

The United Nations Secretary General has called on governments to end what he calls a deadly addiction to coal. António Guterres urged developed countries to phase out coal by 2030 and developing countries to do so by 2040.

A Brazilian Supreme Court judge has ordered a criminal investigation into the alleged sale of indigenous land on Facebook. Judge Luis Barroso ordered the public prosecution office and the police to conduct investigation after BBC news Brazil revealed that the protected areas of the Amazon rainforest were being put up for sale on the media platform.

The EU's ambassador to Venezuela Isabel Brilhante Pedrosa has left the country after she was ordered out by President Nicolas Maduro last week. Tensions between both sides had increased after the EU approved new sanctions against 19 senior Venezuelan government officials in connection to the country's elections in December. The EU has responded by expelling the head of the Venezuelan Mission in Brussels.

The Reggae music legend Bunny Wailer has died in the Jamaican capital Kingston at the age of 73. He was the last surviving member of the Group “The Wailers”, which also included Bob Marley and Peter Tosh.

A children’s book publisher is withdrawing six works by Dr. Seuss because it says they contain racist pictures. Dr. Seuss Enterprises says the books betrayed people in ways that were hurtful and wrong. Among the offending titles are "If I Ran the Zoo" and "The Cat’s Quizzer".

World news from the BBC.
