BBC news with Justin Greene.

Facebook says it's blocked a group of hackers in China who used the platform to spy on the Uyghurs aboard by infecting their devices with malicious software. The social media giant said the group targeted under 500 Uyghur activists, journalists and dissidents living in the US, Canada, Australia, Turkey and other countries.

The US vice president Kamala Harris is to lead efforts to stem the flow of migrants into the United States across the border with Mexico. Increasing numbers have been arriving since Joe Biden reversed several of the Trump administration's tough immigration policies 2 months ago. 

Virginia has become the first southern US state to abolish the death penalty. Signing a bill into law, the Democratic governor Ralph Northam said capital punishment had been applied disproportionately to black people and the flawed legal system had too often led to mistakes.

India has suspended all major exports of the AstraZeneca coronavirus vaccines following a surge in the number of infections there. A foreign ministry source said it was a temporary squeeze.

Brazil's President Jair Bolsonaro says he is launching a special crisis committee to try and control the spread of Covid-19 there. The announcement comes a day after more than 3,000 people died with the disease - the country's highest daily fatality count.

A Libyan militia leader wanted by the International Criminal Court on war crimes charges has been shot dead in eastern city of Benghazi. Mahmoud al-Werfalli was a commander loyal to the forces of the warlord Khalifa haftar.

A court in Rwanda says it will trail in absentia the hotel manager portrayed as a hero in a Hollywood movie about the 1994 genocide. Paul Rusesabagina, a fierce critic of President kagame said he never again appear for hearing because he didn't expect justice. 

BBC news.
