BBC news with Neil Nunes.

North Korea has dismissed efforts by the United States to contact Pyongyang as a cheap trick to buy time. A senior diplomat Choe Son-hui said approaches by the new Biden administration to discuss the denuclearization will be disregarded until the US dropped its hostile policies.

Russia is recalling its ambassador to Washington for consultations about what it called the irreversible degradation of ties with the United States. It follows a US intelligence report that suggests President Putin had authorized an interference campaign in last year's election, something Moscow has denied.

The President of Tanzania, John Magufuli has died at the age of 61. The vice president said Mr. Magufuli, a coronavirus skeptic, had died in hospital from complications related to a heart condition. There has been speculation he may have contracted Covid-19 himself.

The Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte has thanked to voters after exit polls indicated that his center-right VVD party has won the most seats in the general election, giving him a mandate to form a new coalition government.   

The former Bolivian president Jeanine Anez has been taken to hospital from a prison where she was on remand. Officials said she was suffering from a high blood pressure. Ms. Anez was arrested on Saturday of allegations that she participated in a coup in 2019 which she has denied.

The Canadian Senate has passed a bill that expands access to medically assisted death. The revised law now includes people with intolerable medical condition but whose death is not considered imminent. 

And the creative director of the Tokyo Olympic Games has resigned after suggesting that a female entertainer could take part in the open ceremony dressed as a pig. Hiroshi Sasaki has apologized. 

BBC news.
