BBC news with Daniel Jalowiecka.

The American defense secretary has called for a reduction in violence in Afghanistan during a brief unannounced visit to Kabul. After talks with President Ghani, Lloyd Austin refused to be drawn on whether the Biden administration still planned to withdraw troops from Afghanistan by May.

A state of emergency has declared in the US city of Miami after thousands of tourists descended from the annual spring break holiday risking the spread of coronavirus. The mayor of the Miami Beach said visitors has brought chaos and disorder to the city.

Chinese officials are appealing to people to get a coronavirus jab amid signs of reluctance in the country to get vaccinated. Health experts in Beijing say many people think there is no need because China has largely brought the pandemic under control.

Britain's royal family is reviewing its diversity policy in the wake of racist allegations made by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The BBC has been told the work began before the remarks made by Prince Harry and his wife Megan in their interview with Oprah Winfrey.

The pioneering Egyptian writer and doctor Nawal Saadawi has died in Cairo at the age of 89. Ms. Saadawi who was once imprisoned for her campaigning on women's rights, revolutionized discussions on gender in Egypt.

President Biden says he's deeply disappointed by Turkey's decision to pull out of an international accord designed to protect women from violence. Ankara's decision has sparked condemnation with thousands in Turkey protested against the move.

Polls have closed in the Republic of Congo where the authoritarian incumbent Denis Sassou Nguesso is hoping to extend his rule of nearly 37 years. Correspondents say there are reports of fairly low turnout, partly due to a boycott by the country's main opposition party and also due to concerns over the fairness of the poll.

BBC news.
