BBC news with Justin Greene.

In his first news conference since taking office, Joe Biden has said 200 million coronavirus vaccinations will be delivered within the first hundred days of his presidency. Mr. Biden dismissed suggestions of an immigration crisis at the US southern border. He said he will run for election in 2024.

The jailed Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has accused the prison authorities of torturing him by depriving him of sleep. He said he's woken up 8 times a night by guard shouting that he's a flight risk.

European leaders have spent much of the day in talks to find ways to speed up vaccine roll-outs and decide whether to impose tougher export restrictions on jabs. European Commission's chief Ursula von der Leyen said the bloc has exported 77 million doses of vaccines since December.

The shipping firm Maersk and Hapag-Lloyd are considering rerouting their vessels around southern Africa to avoid the Suez Canal. Fresh efforts to re-float a cargo ship blocking the waterway have failed.

The suspected gunman in Monday's shooting which left 10 people dead in Boulder, Colorado has appeared in court. The judge ordered Ahmad Al Aliwi Alissa to be held without bail.

The French film director Bertrand Tavernier has died at the age of 79. His best-known film internationally was probably Round Midnight about the jazz scene in France in the 1950s.

A painting by Vincent Van Gogh has sold at auction in Paris for more than 13 million dollars. The street scene depicting Montmartre was painted in 1887.

Italy has been marking 700 years since the death of the poet Dante with a day celebrating his work. The 25th of March was chosen as Dante Day because it marks the start of his fictional journey, which takes him through hell, purgatory and heaven in his poem entitled the Divine Comedy.

BBC news.
