BBC news.

President Biden has scored and important victory just after 50 days in office, after the house representatives approved his Covid stimulus package, worth almost two trillion dollars. The President said the measures will be implemented in full speed to give the US a fighting chance. The US economy has suffered badly as a result of the pandemic.

The former Brazilian President Lula has angrily criticized the current leader Jair Bolsonaro for his handling of the Covid crisis. Lula called him an imbecile, who failed to act like a president should.

A Swedish research institute has said India has become an elected autocracy under the rule of the Hindu nationalist BJP party. The varieties of Democracy institute said academic, media and civil society freedom have all been eroded. 

The European Commission says it's concerned over the way media freedom is being limited in some member states. One of the vice President Vere Jourova singled out Hungry, Poland and Slovenia for criticism.

The opposition in Tanzania says President John Magufuli has tested positive for coronavirus and is in critical condition in hospital in Kenya. He's not been seen in public in two weeks. The government has warned against publishing what he called unverified information about his health.

An Israeli rights group says the army has taken five Palestinian children to police station, after they were seen picking flowers in the occupied West Bank. It says the officials have been alerted by residents in nearby settlement. The army says it's aware of what it called an incident.

The UN is investigating reports of the Venezuelan police have killed 200 people this year. The head of a fact-finding mission visiting the country said she believed at least some of the deaths have been extra-judicial executions.

And that's the summary from BBC news.
