BBC news with Julie Candler.

Health officials in Equatorial Guinea said at least 400 people have been injured in a series of powerful blasts in the economic capital Bata. Emergency services say they've found 20 bodies in the facility of a military camp. 

Switzerland has voted to approve a ban on face covering in public, including burqas and niqabs worn by Muslim women. A leading Swiss Islamic group called it a dark day for Muslims.

The French politician and billionaire, Olivier Dassault, has been killed in an helicopter crash in northwestern France. Mr. Dassault was the eldest son of the industrialist Serge, whose Dassault group includes the aircraft maker and Le Figaro newspaper.

Pope Francis has attended the final public event of his historic visit to Iraq. He celebrated Mass in northern Kurdistan, home to most of Iraq's dwindling Christian population.

The Houthi rebels in Yemen say they've launched more than 20 missiles and drones across the border into Saudi Arabia, aiming for the country's oil facilities. So far, Saudi officials who signed the Yemeni government have made no comments.

Jordan's king Abdullah has approved the resignation of two senior ministers forced to step down after breaching rules intended to stop the spread of coronavirus. They'd attended a dinner where there were more guests than regulations allow.

Three Palestinian fishermen has been killed off the coast of Gaza. Their boats exploded in what's believed to be an accidental rocket strike by Palestinian militants.

Police in the Czech capital have made several arrests at a rally against Covid restrictions. A few hundreds demonstrators, many without masks, chanted freedom as they were ordered to disperse.

The Venezuela's state oil company has begun rationing its diesel supply to truck drivers as fuel shortages worsen. Venezuela has been suffering from a long-running economic crisis.
