BBC news with David Harper.

Brazil's army, navy and air force chief have resigned deepening the crisis facing President Jair Bolsonaro. On Monday, the foreign and defense minister stepped down. Mr. Bolsonaro is under increasing pressure over his handling of the coronavirus pandemic.

Germany has suspended the use of AstraZeneca coronavirus vaccine for people under the age of 60. The country's vaccine committee said it had received reports of 31 cases of blood clots, mostly in younger women. Chancellor Angela Terkel said people have to be able to trust the vaccines and it was important to be transparent.

More than a dozen countries including the United States have reacted with concern to a report by the World Health Organization on the origins of the pandemic. They say it took too long to publish and lacked access to important data.

The brother of the Honduran President [name] has been sentenced to life in jail in New York for offenses including drug trafficking. The judge described Tony [name]'s sentence as richly deserved.

The U.S vice president Kamala Harris has held talks with the president of Guatemala, on the rise in the number of Central American migrants heading to the United States. In recent days, Guatemala and Mexico launched a joint military and police operation to try to block people attempting to reach the US.

Research by climate campaigners suggests that a small minority of frequent flyers are responsible for the bulk of emissions that comes from aviation. They gave the example of India where 1% of people take nearly half of all journeys by plane. That report calls for a tax on frequent flyers.

One of the chief * in the Watergate scandal that brought down the US President Richard Nixon half a century ago has died. G. [name] served four and a half years in jail for his role in organizing the break-in at the democratic national committee headquarters. He was 90 and had been suffering from * disease.
