BBC news with Fiona McDonald.

A supreme court judge in Brazil has annulled the criminal convictions against the former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, possibly clearing his way to run in next June's election. He was barred from running for office in 2018 when he was in prison for corruption, clearing the way for President Jair Bolsonaro's victory.

A French school girl accused of sparking a fatal online hate campaign against a teacher has admitted lying and spreading false claims. The teacher Samuel Paty was beheaded last year by an Islamist militant after showing cartoons of the prophet Mohammad in an ethics class.

United Nations has voicing deep concern for the fate of an unknown number of protesters in Myanmar, who have been trapped by security forces in Yangon. Explosions that have been heard in the area believed to be the sound of some stun grenades used by the military.

Oprah Winfrey said it wasn't Queen Elizabeth or the Duke of Edinburgh who asked Prince Harry about the color of his son's skin. There's been speculation about who might have made the inquiry after Prince Harry and his wife Meghan interviewed with Oprah Winfrey. 

A large march is due to begin around now in Mexico city to mark International Women's Day amid tight security. Protesters are demanding more action from the government to combat gender-based violence. Official figures suggest that almost a thousand women were murdered last year because of their gender.

The trail of an alleged Honduran drug trafficker started in the United States in a case that implicates the president of Honduras Juan Orlando Hernández. He denied taking brides to protect criminals.

And Israel, Cyprus and Greece has signed an initial agreement to lay an undersea electricity cable linking their country's power grids. It will drown between Israel and the Greek Island of Crete via Cyprus. 

BBC news.
