BBC news.

The United Nations has condemned the use of lethal force against peaceful protesters in Myanmar after it said at least 18 had been killed on Sunday. Protesters in several cities were confronted with live ammunition, rubber bullets, stun guns and water cannon. The office of the UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres said he was deeply disturbed by that.

The Israeli cabinet has approved a plan to vaccinate Palestinians who work in Israel or in Jewish settlements. The vaccination campaign will begin within the next few days and could apply to up to 130,000 Palestinians. But Israeli officials said that under the Oslo Peace Accord, the Palestinian authority is responsible for vaccinating its residents in West Bank and Gaza. 

The Chief Medical Advisor for the United States Dr. Fauci says children of secondary school age could begin receiving vaccinations against Covid-19 by the last few months of the year. Dr. Fauci's comments follow the approval by US regulators of a third vaccine produced by Johnson & Johnson.

Officials in Chad say at least two people were killed when security forces tried to arrest the opposition leader Yaya Dillo at his home in the capital N'Djamena. They said he had failed to respond to two judicial mandates.

Donald Trump is said to return to the spotlight today with a speech that could hint his plans for a political comeback.  Mr. Trump will address the Conservative Political Action Conference in Florida, his first speech since losing the presidency to Joe Biden.

A ten-member team of Nepali mountaineering specialists known as Icefall Doctors have left for Everest base camp to fix ropes and ladders for climbers of the world's highest peak. The team will be clearing the route for the spring climbing season a year after expeditions to Everest stopped due to the coronavirus pandemic by both Nepal and China.

BBC news.

---
Remarks:

1. lethal force: 致命武力
2. judicial mandate: 司法命令
