BBC news with Moro Olderson.

Countries in Europe are facing a crisis due to a surge in the number of coronavirus infections and a shortage of the vaccines that can mitigate the spread of disease. Germany's chancellor Angela Merkel said it was now probable the restrictions would have to be reimposed. On Saturday, Germany's neighbor France and Poland will reintroduce partial lockdowns. Ms. Merkel also said that Germany would be prepared to use the Russian Sputnik vaccine, if the European Medicines Regulator, the EMA approved it. She defended the decision to suspend the use of the AstraZeneca vaccine, following fears that it may lead to blood clots.

The White House says President Biden notes relation with China will be competitive and tough, but still wants both sides to work together over mutual interests. It said the two countries will clearly having a frank conversation at talks in Alaska.

Mr. Biden has stumbled several times as he was climbing the steps of Air Force One to board the flight from Washington. Recovering once, Mr. Biden tripped a second time, falling onto one knee before reaching the door.

The BBC has asked the military authorities in Myanmar to confirm the safety of one of its reporters, who has been abducted in the capital Naypyidaw. Aung Thura was seized by men in civilian cloth and driven away in an unmarked van. His whereabouts are unknown.

Bulgarian prosecutor has charged six officials from Russia's defense ministry and military intelligence with spying. Bulgaria's chief prosecutor said they have been operating for several time and were a serious threat to national security.

And police in Paris have been left with a bitter taste in the mouth, after a drugs raid which netted was thought to be a million-dollar worth of ecstasy. It turned out to be a haul of strawberry flavor powder used in confectionery.

BBC news.
