BBC news with Jerry Smit.

An international charity says jihadists in Mozambique have beheaded children as young as 11 years old. Save the children's country director from Mozambique said the attack sickened him to the core. The aid group said many children were killed for refusing to join the militants.

The United Nations has described the humanitarian crisis in northeastern Nigeria as one of the most acute in the world, with nearly 9 million people in urgent need of aid. An insurgency by the militant group Boko Haram has killed about 30,000 people and displaced millions in the past decade.

The British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said that Britain intends to become a hub of innovation and research, building on its international links and its history as a trading nation. Outlining what he said was the most radical change from foreign policies since the Cold War, he spoke of measures to increase Britain's engagement with Asia.

The German car giant Volkswagen group says its pretax profit fell 36 percent in the past financial year, in part because of the pandemic. But VW is pushing ahead with plans to develop more electric vehicles.

The safety committee of the European Union Medicines Agency has begun to review cases of blood clots in a small number of people who had the AstraZeneca coronavirus vaccine. Unproven claims said there might be a link to the jab, that has led to a dozen EU countries to suspend use of the vaccine.

The Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Philip, has left hospital after a month of treatment which included heart surgery. The Prince who's 99 was admitted to a hospital in London last month for an undisclosed reason.

Archaeologists in Israel said they found fragments of biblical text dating back almost 1,900 years in a desert cave in south of Jerusalem.

And that's the latest BBC news.
