BBC news with Chris Barrel.

The former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has been found guilty of corruption and influence peddling. He's been sentenced to three years in prison, but two are suspended. The judge ruled that Mr. Sarkozy had tried to bride a magistrate in return for information on an investigation into his campaign finances. His lawyers says he'll appeal.

International Donors have pledged just 1.7 billion dollars for humanitarian aid in Yemen this year, less than half the amount thought. The UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres called it disappointing and warned that cutting aid was a death sentence.

The BBC reporter in the Tigray region of Ethiopia has been detained by the military. Eyewitnesses said Girmay Gebru was taken with four other people from a cafe in the regional capital Mekelle. He's reported to have been taken to a military camp.

Gunmen have opened fire in a village in the northern Nigerian state of Sokoto after residents tried to prevent a kidnapping. At least 15 were killed and many more injured.

The Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan has offered to hold snap parliamentary elections amid a political crisis following a recent military defeat in Nagorno-Karabakh. Speaking at a rally, Mr. Pashinyan accused Armenia's previous leader of encouraging military leaders to demand his resignation.

A report into a huge power failure in the Indian city of Mumbai last year says it could have been due to cyber sabotage. The Home Minister of Maharashtra said an initial investigation suggested there was possible evidence of malware in Mumbai's power systems.

New research into the ear structures of the ancient Neanderthals has revealed that their ability to speak and understand languages was comparable to that of modern humans. Researchers say they were tuned into the same frequencies as modern ears.

BBC news.
