BBC news with Neil Nunes.

Italy has banned the export of coronavirus vaccines under new EU guidelines, the first country to do so. The government refused to allow 250,000 doses from a local AstraZeneca plant to leave for Australia. Delays to deliveries of coronavirus vaccines have angered EU countries.

The US Capitol Police in Washington is reported to have asked for support from the National Guard for another two months. They are continuing security concerns following the assault on the Capitol by Trump's supporters in January in which 5 people died.

The UN special rapporteur on human rights in Myanmar has said the crackdown on protesters after last month's military coup requires a strong international response. Tom Andrews called for an arms embargo, targeted sanctions and a referral to the International Criminal Court.

The UN Security Council has failed to agree on a joint-statement on the crisis in Ethiopia's northern Tigray region after Russia, China and India considered it was an internal matter. The UN had earlier said there were distressing reports of continued violations that may amount to war crimes in Tigray.

The Senegalese authorities have suspended the signal of two private television stations after accusing them on focusing too much on protests triggered by the arrest of opposition leader Ousmane Sonko. Earlier police clashed with supporters of Mr. Sonko in the southern Casamance region.

Oil prices have risen to the highest level since January last year after OPEC and its allies decided not to substantially increase supply. The price of Brent crude rose about 67 dollars a barrel.

Scientists from Britain, Denmark, Sweden and the US have been awarded with the prestigious Brain Prize for their work on the origins and treatment of migraines. They are thought to affect one in seven people globally.

BBC news.
