BBC news.

Rwanda has praised as an important step of a report by French historians on France's role during the 1994 genocide. The government in Kigali said the conclusion of its own forthcoming investigation will complement the findings of the French commission. An expert panel convened by President Emmannuel Macron said France bore overwhelming responsibilities in relation to the killing of 800,000 ethnic Tutsis and moderate Hutus.

The White House says President Biden has invited his Russian and Chinese counterparts to talks on how to tackle climate change. Washington hopes Vladimir Putin of Russia and Xi Jinking of China will be among 40 leaders of major economies to attend the climate forum next month. 

Residents of Paris and several other areas of France with high level of coronavirus are facing more stringent police checks, as the country grapples with a resurgence of the pandemic. More than 90,000 officers have been deployed to carry out controls of railway stations, airports and motorway toll booths. 

At least 32 people have been killed and more than 160 injured in Egypt. Officials say 2 passenger trains collided when the emergency brakes on one of them were triggered by unknown individuals.

A further attempt to dislodge the massive container ship that's blocking the Suez Canal has been unsuccessful. The Japanese-owned vessel, the Ever Given, ran aground on Tuesday is wedged diagonally across the waterway. 

The Italian Prime Minister has threatened legal actions against healthcare workers to refuse to be vaccinated against coronavirus after at least a dozen people were infected in 2 hospitals in Liguria through medical staff.

And Belarus has once against been disqualified from the Eurovision Song Contest and has now no chance to take part in the competition in May. They were fears the song I Will Teach You have a political subtext, given the upheaval country was going through.

BBC news.
