BBC news.

President Biden has urged US Congress not to wait another minute to bring in a ban on assault rifles and tighter checks on gun owners. He said he'd been devastated by another killing * on Monday in Colorado where a gun * killed ten people.

A doctor's union in Kenya says the country has run out of beds in its intensive care units due to a surge in Covid-19 cases. Health workers are among those being admitted to hospitals across the country.

Exit polls in Israel suggested the 4th general election in less than two years is too close to call. They indicated the Prime Minister Benjamin [name] and his opponents will once against fall short to the governing majority. The vote is widely seen as a referendum on Mr. [name].

The top court in France has upheld the decision not to put a policeman on trail for throwing a grenade that killed an environmental activist in 2014. It said an authorized weapon had been lawfully used. 

A 7-year-old girl has been shot dead by security forces in Myanmar, the youngest person to have been killed during the protest against fabric military coup. Family members say the child died during a raid on their home in [place].

The head of a TV station in Afghanistan says he's stopped all female employees for coming into work after 4 of their colleagues were killed by militants. [name] said it was too dangerous. 

Aid groups say a huge fire * refugee camp in [place] on Monday destroyed health centers and schools as well as 10,000 shelters. At least 11 people have died and hundreds are still missing.    

And a painting by the British artist [name] has been sold more than 23 million dollars. The work Game Changer depicts a boy with an action figure of a superhero nurse wearing a mask. The company the money rather will go to Britain's public health service.

That's the latest BBC world news.
