BBC news.

Lawyers in the United States have set out their opening arguments in the trail of a police officer accused of killing George Floyd in Minneapolis last year. Civil rights leaders have claimed the case as a referendum on justice and equality in America. The prosecutor replayed video footage which showed Mr. Floyd final moments as the officer [name] nailed to his neck. The defense argued that Mr. Floyd's health conditions and drug use contributed to his death.

The Brazilian President [name] has lost 2 key cabinet members. His controversial foreign minister [name] resigned after being accused of damaging relations with China. Shortly afterwards, the defense minister general [name] announced he was stepping down.

Ships have started sailing through the Suez Canal again after a giant container vessel blocking the ways was freed. The Ever Given was trapped for nearly a week, causing long traffic jams at sea. 20 percent of world trade go through the Suez Canal.

President Biden has asked governors and mayors in the US to continue to require people to wear face masks in public. He said reckless behaviour was causing a rise in the number of coronavirus infections.

The White House has confirmed that Mr. Biden does not intend to meet the North Korea leader Kim Jong-un. Official said the current ministration approach to Pyongyang would be quite different to Donald Trump's. 

The authorities in Somalia say at least 4 people have been killed by a roadside bomb in the capital Mogadishu. The jihadist group * is frequently blinked for attacks in the city.

France is reopened its embassy in Libya 7 years after French diplomats left the country as it descended in its civil war. President Macron announced a move last week following talks with the head of Libya's new presidential council.  

BBC news.
