BBC news.

Buckingham Palace has said the issue raised in the recent television interview given by Prince Harry and his wife Megan, the Duchess of Sussex were concerning, especially on the subject to race. The statement on behalf of Queen Elizabeth said the matters raised were being taken very seriously and would be addressed privately.

The Israeli military says 21,000 Palestinians who've worked permits for Israel have received Covid vaccinations over the past two days. 100,000 are due to get the Moderna shot. An Israeli group that campaigns for access rights for Palestinians has accused Israeli of ignoring legal and moral responsibilities to immunize all Palestinians. 

More details are emerging about the alleged involvement of the President of Honduras in drug trafficking. US prosecutors at the trail of an alleged trafficker Geovanny Fuentes say President Juan Orlando Hernandez has been bribed to make the defendant bulletproof against the arrest. Mr. Hernandez has denied any involvement.

The largest ever study of violence against women has found that the third of world's female population suffer physical and sexual violence in some point in their lives. The WHO says partner violence is by far the most prevalent.

Officials in the Democratic Republic of Congo say six suspected kidnappers have been lynched over the abduction of a three-year girl. People in the village north of Goma killed them, while police tried to transport them to neighboring towns, saying they've no confidence in the justice system. 

Poland is to resume large-scale logging in the primeval Bialowieza forest, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. That's home to Europe's largest herd of bison. Logging was suspended in 2018 after a court said Poland broke the EU law by felling trees more than 100 years old.

And that's the summary from BBC news.
