BBC news with Justin Green.

Australia, India, Japan and the United States has agreed to pool their resources to boost the production of Covid vaccines for the region. The pledge came at the end of the first summit of the group known as the Quad. They also stressed their commitment to working together.

Italy says it's introducing new coronavirus restrictions from Monday. The government is hoping to stop the number of new cases rising by closing schools, shops and restaurants in most of the country. The measures will be extended to cover all of Italy for the three days of Easter at the start of next month.

The family of George Floyd, the unarmed black man killed when restrained by white police officer, is to receive 27 million dollars in compensation from the city of Minneapolis. It's thought to be one of the largest pre-trial settlements in US history.

There's be a powerful explosion in the city of Herat in eastern Afghanistan. At least 3 people are reported to have been killed and almost 50 injured in the blast that also caused significant material damage. It's not known who carried out the attack.

Two of top generals in Mozambique has been replaced. The move comes as the country faces a wave of Islamist violence in the north.

A Iranian company says one of its ships was the target of a terrorist attack in the Mediterranean on Wednesday. Two weeks earlier, Jerusalem had accused Iran of targeting an Israeli vessel.

Sri Lanka says there should be an inquiry into the sale of Chinese doormats bearing the country's flag. Diplomats has also been urged to lodge complaints with the manufacturers. 

Scientists say they've succeeded in reconstructing a mysterious ancient calculator, the Antikythera mechanism, by computer modeling. Most of its parts were missing. But researchers say they now hope that they can build a working replica of the device.

And that's the latest BBC news. 
