BBC news with Fiona McDonald.

The head of World Health Organization has urged countries not to relax their efforts to fight the pandemic, warning there could be third or even forth waves of coronavirus. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said it was a mistake to think that falling death rates in some countries meant the pandemic was over.

Protesters have clashed with police for a third day in the Senegalese capital after the detention of an opposition politician Ousmane Sonko. He's accused of rape but denies wrongdoing.

At least ten people have killed in a car bombing targeting a popular restaurant in the Somali capital. Witnesses said the blast was extremely powerful and caused a lot of destruction.  

The US and the European Union have agreed a four-month suspension of retaliatory tariffs imposed in a row over subsidies to the aircraft makers, Airbus and Boeing. They came after a call between the European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and President Biden.

The US has condemned the plan by China to alter Hong Kong's electoral system. The State Department described the changes as a direct attack on the territory's autonomy and democratic processes.

A leaked email has given the first indication of where planned cuts at the UK's foreign aid budget will be made. The foreign office document obtained by an investigative website suggests aid to Syria and several African countries will fall by more than 60 percent.

Lithuania has rejected a request to extradite the Belarus' main opposition leader Svyatlana Tsikhanouskaya, who fled there after last year's disputed presidential election. Lithuania's Foreign Minister said hell will freeze over before he grants Belarus' demand.

A Greek hospital says a far-left militant convicted of murder is in critical condition after 56 days on hunger strike. Dimitris Koufodinas is protesting being transferred to a high-security prison.

BBC news.

---
Remarks:

1. retaliatory tariff: 报复性关税
2. subsidy: 补助金
3. hell will freeze over before ...: 俚语，指一件事完全不可能发生
