BBC news with Gareth Barlow.

Saudi Arabia has come up with a new plan designed to end the 6-year war in Yemen. It proposes a UN supervised ceasefire between the Saudi-backed government and Houthi rebels supported by Iran. The initiative also includes reopening vital air and sea links. Yemen's government and the UN welcomed the proposal, but Houthi rebels said it was nothing new.

The head of the World Health Organization Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus has called on more producers of coronavirus vaccines to follow AstraZeneca's example and license their technology to other manufacturers. He said the growing gap in supply between rich and poor countries was grotesque.

The European Union, the US, Britain and Canada have all imposed sanctions on China because of alleged human rights abuses against ethnic Uighurs in XinJiang. Beijing announced countermeasures.

Protesters who took part in one of the most violent events of the anti-government yellow vests movement in France have gone on trail in Paris. They are accused of smashing up one of the country's most famous landmarks, the Arc de Triomphe, in 2018.

The United States government says it will ask the authorities in Mexico and Guatemala to find ways of reducing the flow of migrants and asylum seekers reaching its southern border. The White House press secretary Jen Psaki said the US wanted to help address the root causes. She said unaccompanied children were of particular concern. 

A Polish writer and journalist has been charged with insulting the president by calling him a moron. Yakerku Ruchek could be jailed for three years. He decried President Anjai Duba over a tweet which failed to congratulate Joe Biden on his election victory in November.

And Facebook says it has disabled more than 1.3 billion fake accounts in the final three months of last year. It has also deleted millions of pieces of misinformation about Covid-19 or vaccines. Critics accused Facebook of allowing misinformation to thrive.

BBC news.
