BBC news with Aileen McHugh.

Mozambican officials say it's now known that dozens of people were killed when Islamist insurgents attacked the town of Palma in capital Gardu province. A security spokesman said hundreds of other people, including former gas workers, had managed to escape. Many had spent several days besieged in a hotel.

Mexico has revised figures showing the number of death from coronavirus is 60 percent higher than previously reported. More than 320,000 Mexicans are now believed to have died as a result of the pandemic. Only the United States has recorded more deaths.

Mexico and Guatemala have announced a joint-operation to deploy hundreds of troops and police along their border to prevent migrants heading to the United States. President Biden had earlier sent a senior delegation to both countries to examine ways of curbing migration. 

The German Chancellor Angela Merkel has urged the country's regional leaders to abide by a deal to impose tougher coronavirus restrictions as a third wave of infections gathers pace. In a television interview, she said states needed to take actions or new nationwide rules will be required.

New York state politicians have agreed on a bill to legalize the recreational use of cannabis. Annual sales tax receipts are expected to reach 350 million dollars.

Another tugboat has arrived to help the growing efforts to re-float the giant container ship which has been blocking the Suez Canal since last Tuesday. There are now 12 tugs trying to dislodge the Ever Given, which has stopped all shipping along one of the world's most important shipping routes.

And Police Romania have searched the homes of two people. They're suspect of making anti-Semitic death threats against one of the country's best known actresses Mio Mogenshitone. Police said the anti-terrorist brigade had helped identify potential suspects.

BBC news.
