BBC news with David Harper.

The International Criminal Court says it's opening a formal investigation into war crimes in the Palestinian territories, which will examine both sides of the conflict. The Palestinian authorities welcomed the move. The Israeli Prime Minister called the decision the essence of anti-Semitism and hypocrisy.

The US Capitol police say they have intelligence showing there is a possible plot by a militia group to breach the Capitol Building on Thursday. Extra security measures have been put in place to try to avoid a repeat of last month's violence when Trump's supporters stormed the buildings.

The governor of New York Andrew Cuomo has addressed claims of sexual harassment for the first time by saying he will fully cooperate with an investigation but stressed he won't resign. He said he'd never touched anyone inappropriately, but acknowledged that his habit of hugging and kissing people could make them feel uncomfortable. 

Eight people have been injured in the south of Sweden in what police are treating as a suspected terrorist attack. The assailant stabbed his victims in the town of Vetlanda.

The European Union says it will take legal action against Britain for breaching the terms of the Brexit Deal as regards Northern Ireland. London has said it will unilaterally extend by six months a grace period in which goods shipped from British mainland to the region are not checked.

The has been chaos in northwestern Nigeria as parents were reunited with their kidnapped daughters in the town of Jangebe. An eyewitness said that at least three people were shot by the security forces after parents frustrated by the length of handover ceremony, started throwing rocks at government officials.

Scientists say they've confirmed the origin of high-energy solar particles, a finding that could make it easier to predict the dangerous solar storms they can cause when they reach the Earth. The particles come from plasma that has been locked in the lower layers of the Sun's atmosphere.

Live from London, that's the latest BBC news.

---
Remarks:

1. anti-Semitism: 反犹太主义
2. militia group: 民兵组织
3. sexual harassment: 性骚扰
4. unilaterally: 单方面的
5. grace period: 宽限期
6. handover ceremony: 交接仪式
7. high-energy solar particles: 高能太阳离子
8. plasma: 等离子体
