BBC news with Neil Nunes.

Chancellor Angela Merkel has extended Germany's coronavirus lockdown until the end of January. She's also announced much tougher rules on social interactions, including restricting the number of house guests to one and limiting travel from badly affected areas.

The World Health Organization has cautioned Britain against trying to extend the interval between given the first and second doses of [name] vaccine. It said the interval should be three to four weeks, or six in emergency situations, not up to twelve as Britain has * .

The head of World Bank has appealed to rich countries not to halt coronavirus vaccines. [name] said they should free up stocks that they are not currently able to distribute for purchase or distribution in poor nations.

Two crucial runoff elections are taking place in the southern American state of Georgia. Votes that will influence president-elect Biden's ability to enact his agenda. His democratic party must gain both senate seats from the Republicans, if it is to control the Upper House.

The have been conflicting reports of an air strike in central [place]. France says it killed dozens of terrorists, but villagers say the dead were guests at a wedding, including children.

[name] has ruled the Columbia businessman can't be extradited to the United States. Alex [name] is facing money laundering charges for * helping the government of President Nicolas Meduro transfer money out of Venezuela through United States to overseas accounts.

Scotland's First Minister says Donald Trump should not travel to the country to play golf. * follows regulations Mr. Trump might visit one of his Scottish golf resorts to avoid the inauguration of Joe Biden, but Miss [name] stressed that with Covid non-essential travel is not allowed.

BBC news.
