BBC news.

President Biden has warned the United States will hold the Burmese military accountable for overturning Myanmar's democratic transition and staging a crew. Mr. Biden called the detention of Aung San Suu Kyi and other civilian leaders an direct assault on democracy and the rule of law. The UN Security Council has planning to hold an emergency meeting on Tuesday.

In Myanmar itself, the Burmese army is tightening its group over the country after seizing power in a * . Troops are on the streets of the capital Naypyidaw and the biggest city Yangon.

The head of UN Refugee Agency has described the situation in Ethiopia's Tigray region as extremely grave and urged the government to stop restricting access for humanitarian agencies. [name] was speaking after visiting a camp, where he said * refugees had reported incidents of rape.

The South African president has said every effort would be made to secure enough vaccines to achieve herd immunity in the country. [name] said the aim was to reach at least two thirds of the population or around 40 million people.

The two-day general strike has underway in Haiti in protest against violence and impunity. The protest was triggered by a recent surge in a number of kidnappings for ransom.

Turkish police entered a university campus in Istanbul to quell a student protest against the arrest of two gay rights activists. Scores of officers * demonstrators in the university and arrested around 100.

South Africa says it has been a one-third fall in the number of rhinos killed by * partly attributied to Covid-19 lockdowns. South Africa's Environment Ministry said about 400 rhinos were killed for their horns in the country last year compared with 600 recorded in 2019.
