BBC news.

The US House of Representatives is set to the impeach President Trump on charges of inciting his supporters to storm the Capitol last week. The House Speaker, Nancy Pelosi, told a debate that Mr. Trump endangered the nation. The Top House Republican, Kevin McCarthy, said Mr. Trump was responsible for last Wednesday's attack, but he said impeaching him in a short time frame would be an error. President Trump was appealed for calm and urged his supporters to remain law bidding ahead of Joe Biden's inauguration next week.

The World Health Organization says this year could be harder than the last because of new more infectious coronavirus variants. The WHO's latest update in the disease shows global cases rose by 5 millions last week.

Italy's former Prime Minister, Matteo Renzi, has withdrawn his party from the governing coalition, leaving it without the Senate majority. It follows a row over how to spend EU coronavirus recovery funds.

The UN Secretary General, António Guterres, has condemned attacks earlier today by rebels in Central Africa Republic. He said the UN peacekeeping forces strengthened security in the capital * after rebel forces * to the closest attack so far on the city.

Iran sent voice to the U.N nuclear watchdog, says Tehran has begun work on producing Iranian metal-based fuel. [name] said it was related to designing an improved type of fuel for Iran's research reactor. He said the IAEA have been informed and have conducted an inspection.

[country] had said India will have a near half stack in a crucial port development, directly adjoining a Chinese funded terminal already opening in the Capital [place]. It's another step towards the island becoming a micro * of rivalries between Asian powers.

BBC news.
