BBC news.

The British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has set out a four-step plan to release England from coronavirus lockdown by the middle of June. In the first stage, pupils in all schools and further education institutes will return to their classrooms. In the next stage, outdoor sports will resume. And then, non-essential retail * . 

The U.S Supreme Court has cleared the way for a New York prosecutor to obtain tax returns and other financial records from the former president Donald Trump. This would allow investigations into allegations that harsh money were paid to two women who said they had sexual relationships with Mr. Trump. The former president criticised the ruling and vowed to fight on.

Brazil's stock market has fallen nearly 6% at its first day of trading since President [name] unexpectedly replaced the head of the national oil company Petrol Blast. Shares in Petrol Blast plunged 21%.

The authorities in Democratic Republic of Congo have accused a * rebel group of killing the Italian envoy [name] in an ambush in the east of the country.

Law enforcement officials in Ukraine have forced a private plane carrying a former director of the country's largest bank to land in [place], with they arrested him on fraud charges. [name] has wanted in connection with the thief of more than five billion dollars from * Bank. Local media say he tried to flee to Austria.

The Czech Foreign Ministry says it will soon neighboring Poland over its plan to expand a huge coal mine. He says the mine is harming the Czech environment.

E.U foreign ministers say they may impose a range of sanctions targeting the military in Myanmar. These could include travel bans, asset * as well as a wide review of Myanmar's preferential trade * with the E.U.

BBC news.
