BBC new with Julie Candler.

The president of Uganda Yoweri Museveni has welcomed the outcome of Thursday's presidential election in which he has been declared the outright winner. This paves the way for six terms in office for Mr. Museveni who is 76. Uganda's opposition leader, the former proxy of Bobi Wine has alleged a electoral fraud following a violence campaign during which dozens were shot dead.

Germany's governing Christian Democrats have opted for a new leader who will maintain Angela Merkel's centrist strongly pro European Union approach. Armin Laschet, the premium of North Rhine-Westphalia has been elected over the more right-wing businessman Friedrich Merz. Mr. Laschet now has a good chance of replacing Angela Merkel's chancellor , when she steps down in September.

A six O'clock curfew has kicked in across France to prevent the spread of coronavirus. Some doctors are arguing for a return to the lockdown that the curfew replaced in mid-December as highly transmissible variants of Covid-19 pose new threats.

Hospitals in the northern Brazilian city Manaus which is struggling to cope with its surging coronavirus infections have been sent a emergency of supply of oxygen for neighboring states. And Venezuela, dozens of patients have been airlifted to hospitals in other parts of the country.

Britain, France and Germany say they are deeply worried that Iran is preparing to produce uranium metal, which can be used in making of a nuclear bomb. The three countries said there was no credible civilian use for uranium metal and its production have potentially graved military implications.

Iranian authorities say they've seized 45,000 illegal machines used to generating cryptocurrency. Iran's power supply company says they are consuming so much electricity it could lead to blackouts.

And a team of Nepali climbers have set a new world record by becoming the first mountaineers to reach the summit of K2, the world's second highest mountain, in winter.

BBC news.
