BBC news I'm John Shea.

There's renewed concern about the conflict in the Central African Republic where the former prime minister describing the situation as apocalyptic. [name] said there was daily fighting across the country and he couldn't leave the capital without an armed escort. The summit of regional leaders warned that the crisis in the CAR is serious threat to neighboring countries.  

Britain's Cabinet Office minister Michael Gove says the European Union has acknowledged it made a mistake however it's now cancel a town to override part of * and impose vaccine export control on the northern Irish border. An Irish government minister tells the BBC all parties have work together to correct the error.

A Russian businessman has claimed that he * a billion dollar parles which the Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny had linked to President Putin. [name] in Oldenburg who is Mr. Putin former * partner said he brought the mansion two years ago, but he didn't say how he payed for it.  

An explosion at a * station in Yemen has killed at least two people and injured dozens of others. It happened as people were killing a fuel * in the city of * . Hospitals have appealed for blood donors. The cause of the blast is not known. 

Custom officials at South Africa's main international OR Tambo Airport have seized a big conceivement of drug that some people claimed it's a remedy for coronavirus. Six people has been arrested accused of smuggling on flights from India. The whole is expected to be * and anti * mainly used on animals in past. 

And * says it's museums will reopen on Monday after coronavirus force them to shut for 80 days, the longest closure since the Second World War. * will have to book the time entry slots for the sixteen * and galleries. 

And that's the latest BBC world news.
