BBC news with *

The European Union Foreign Policy Chief says he will press the release of Russia's jailed opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, when he visits Moscow next month. [name] said he will pass on a clear message. EU ministers meeting in Brussels did not impose fresh sanctions on Moscow. 

The Mexican President [name] says his country will receive 24 million doses of Russia's coronavirus vaccines * to help deal with the spike infections and deaths. He made the announcement after a phone conversation with President Putin.

The European Union house commissioners say it's unacceptable that Astrazeneca is cutting a number of Covid vaccines it had promised to provide. [name] said the company had not given a satisfactory explanation. 

A * impeachment charge of inciting insurrection would be deliver to the US Senate later for the formal start of Donald Trump trail of storming the Congress by his supporters. Proceedings won't get on the way in earnest for two weeks to allow President Biden to focus on his agenda and Mr. Trump to prepare defense.

Donald Trump's ban on transgender people joining the US military has been overturned by Mr. Biden. The president described America as being stronger when it's more inclusive.

Italy's Prime Minister has announced to resign on Tuesday, in the hope of being asked by the president to try to form a new and stronger alternative government. * Conty lost his majority in the Upper House Parliament last week, after a small party left the coalition.

The number of refugees being re-settled around the world have dropped to its lowest level in nearly two decades amid the pandemic. The U.N's Refugee Agency says only around 23,000 were taken in by government last year as they cut their quotas and coronavirus restriction calls delay in processing and travel.

BBC news.
