BBC news with Stewart Macintosh.

Joe Biden has taken the oath of office to become the 46th president of the United States in his inaugural address at the Capitol which was stormed by Trump's supporters two weeks ago. He made a strong call for unity. Mr. Biden said his country would emerge stronger to play its part on the world stage again. World leaders have said they are looking forward to working with president Biden. Congratulations were sent by close allies Canada, Israel and Britain, with London saying U.S. leadership on issues such as climate change and Covid-19 was vital. China has marked the transition by imposing sanctions on more than 20 members of the Trump administration.

The head of European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, has said Joe Biden had a standing invitation to visit Brussels, adding she was looking forward to having a friend in the White House. The German president, Frank-Walter Steinmeier, called it a good day for democracy.

The Turkish government has recorded its list of people who get priority access to coronavirus vaccines after criticism that it put groups like tax inspectors, prosecutors and soldiers ahead of people with chronic illness. Now the over 60s and people who have chronic conditions will get priority.

Britain has seen another daily record number of deaths from the pandemic. Latest figure shows that a further 1,820 people have died in Britain from Covid-19.

Trucks sent by the Venezuelan government carrying oxygen have arrived in the Brazilian city of Manaus, where hospitals are close to collapse as they deal with the sharp spike in coronavirus cases. The 5 lorries carrying around a day's worth of Manaus's current oxygen traveled over 1,500 kilometers from the Venezuelan city of *

BBC news.
