BBC news.

The World Health Organization has urged countries to keep using the AstraZeneca vaccines for now, as a growing list of European nations suspends the jab's use. France, Italy, Germany and Spain are the latest to halt injections. Concerns were initially raised by Norway about a small number of people who'd suffered blood clots. AstraZeneca insisted data from millions of recipients shows the vaccine is safe to use.

The UN's special envoy for Syria says there is a window of opportunity to end the war in Syria, 10 years after the conflict began. Geir Pedersen told the BBC there was relative calm, providing a chance to negotiate a ceasefire.

Libya's new unity government has been sworn-in, marking the end of years of rival administrations. The interim Prime Minister Abdul Hamid Dbeibah will lead the country until elections plan for December.

Two men in the United States have been arrested in charge with assaulting a police officer, who died after the attack in the Capitol Building in January. The cause of Brian Sicknick's death hasn't yet been established. Prosecutors believed he was targeted with a chemical spray that's designed to incapacitate.

The man chosen to be the head of the organization for economic cooperation and development has been condemned by environmental campaigners. Critics have described Mathias Cormann's record on tackling climate change as atrocious. 

American's Special Operations Forces are to spend two months training troops in Mozambique to try to prevent the spread of Islamists militant violence in the north of the country.

The Vatican has ruled that Roman Catholic priests cannot bless same sex couples and that any such blessings are invalid in the eyes of the church. Pope Francis supports civil rights for homosexual partners but opposes gay marriage.

BBC news.
