BBC news with Julie Candler.

The Russian opposition activist [name] has been detained soon after landing back in Moscow. He just returned after months spent abroad recovering from a nerve agent attack. Mr. * told reporters he was not afraid, then kissed his wife before being let away by uniformed officials at the airport. The prison authorities said he broken * conditions. His flight from Berlin have been diverted from the * airport where his supporters had gathered to another in Moscow.

The American music producer Phil [name], one of the best known figures in 1960s pop music has died while serving a prison sentence for murder. He was 81. [name] created "The Wall of Sound" and produced a series of hits for artists such as [name] and [name]. He killed the actress [name] * in 2003 and spent his final years in jail.

Riot police and the military in Guatemala have fired tear gas and used * on a caravan of thousands of central American migrants, near the border with Honduras. The migrants are bound for the United States. Several people were injured. The Guatemalan government says it has deported almost 1,000 people to Honduras in the past three days.

There have been more clashes between protesters and police in [country] capital [place] and several cities across the country. The authorities said they've arrested more than 200 people, mostly youngsters. There is * dissatisfaction in [country], which is enduring severe economic problems.

Brazil health regulators have approved the emergency use of coronavirus vaccines * and Chinese * . A mass * program is due to start almost immediately.

An axe belonging to a soldier, wooden boats and masks are among objects that have been found in more than 50 ancient Egyptian coffins, discovered in [place], south of Cairo has also gained the Egyptian places among the * corpses.
