BBC news, I'm John Shan.

In a surprise move, the U.S Senate has decided not to call any witnesses in a second impeachment trail of Donald Trump, despite early agreeing to do so. One witness statement was admitted to the record and the closing argument has now started. The Democrat's chances of getting enough Republicans to convict him for inciting insurrection are slim, especially as the minority leader Mitch McConnell has indicated he will vote to a quit.

The coup leader in Myanmar have released the names of seven opposition activists they want arrested. They have been accused of disturbing tranquility, a rarely used charge. Large demonstrations against the military takeover have continued across the country.

A gas tanker has exploded nearly a customs post on the border between Afghanistan and Iran. At least ten people were injured in the blast which caused a massive fire. 

Poland says a coronavirus variant detected at a mink farm can spread to humans. The polish mink farming industry is among the world's biggest and it could now face a massive * .

The new Italian cabinet led by Mario Draghi has met for the first time. The former head of European Central Bank heads government of National Unity that's * to tackle the coronavirus crisis.

The Somali authorities say they stopped a big attack in the capital Mogadishu. A suspicious vehicle was chased for several kilometers before police opened fire at it, closed to the presidential palace.

A small group of demonstrators has been arrested in Nigeria as they tried to draw attention to the killing of ten people in the commercial capital Lagos last year. Those killed have been protesting against police brutality.

And China has been urged to provide more information on the early stage of the coronavirus pandemic. The World Health Organization team says it's only got limited information. Washington says it's concerned about the lack of data.

And that's the latest BBC world news.
