BBC news with Stewart Macintosh.

One of Donald Trump closest allies, Mitch McConnell has explicitly blamed the president for provoking the violent mob that stormed the Capitol Building in Washington. The U.S. Senate Republican leader said the mob had been fed lies and the violent criminals had tried to stop Congress from performing its duty confirming Joe Biden's election victory. Out Washington corespondent says the comments suggest Mitch McConnell could support the Democrats at an impeachment trail in the Senate.

Mr. Trump is expected to pardon dozens of people on his final day in office. Two national guards have been removed from inauguration duty due to concerns about a possible insider attack as the new president is swearing-in.

Joe Biden has just arrived in Washington for the inauguration on Wednesday. The Senate is holding confirmation hearings for five members of his cabinet. In her testimony, Janet Yellen, the proposed treasury secretary, urged lawmakers to act big on the next stimulus relief package despite the costs of a higher debt burden.

Scientists at the Edinburgh University in Scotland say they have made a breakthrough in treating motor neurone disease. They say they have found an easy way to repair the nerve cells of patients with the degenerative condition. There is no known cure for motor neurone disease.

A huge fire has broken out at an oil facility in the Syrian province of Homs. State media say the fire was caused by an explosion in a fuel tank at the state-run company which transports oil. The Syrian oil minister has said there have been no casualties.

The makers of the new Amazon prime show "Tandav" have agreed to make changes to the series after Hindu politicians in India objected to some scenes. One member of the ruling BJP party claimed the show was deliberately mocking Hindu gods. The cast and crew have already apologized.

BBC news.
