BBC news I'm John Shan.

Tens of thousands of Russians have taken to the streets for the second week running in biggest protest against President Putin for a decade. Demonstrators in nearly 90 cities turned out in support of the jailed activist Alexei Navalny, denouncing the corruption that he has exposed. Independent monitors said nearly 5,000 people were detained, including Mr. Navalny's wife Yulia.

The US and the European Union have both accused Russia of using disproportionate force. America Secretory of State Antony Blinken called for the release of Alexei Navally, but Moscow accused Washington of meddling.

Germany and Austria have promised medical help to Portugal where a surge in coronavirus cases threatens to overwhelm hospitals. Germany is sending 27 military medics. Austria will take in some intensive care patients. 

The President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen has told the heads of six pharmaceutical companies that problems with the supply of coronavirus vaccine have to be addressed. Two of the companies, Pfizer BioNTech and AstraZeneca, have delivered fewer doses than promised.  

Israel has agreed to transfer thousands of vaccines to the Palestinians to immunize front-line medical workers. There's been controversy over whether Israel should include the occupied territory in its vaccination program.

A hotel in the Somali capital Mogadishu has been attacked by the Islamic militant group AI-Shabaab. The militants are inside the hotel and are under siege. 

Prince William, who's president of the Football Association in English, has said racist abuse in the game is despicable and must stop. The Manchester United star Marcus Rashford is the latest to have been subjected to abuse on social media. 

And the British centenarian Tom Moore who's raised more than 40 million dollars for the National Health Service is in hospital after testing positive for Covid. Sir. Tom captured the national imagination last year when he completed a thousand laps of his gardens to raise the funds.

BBC news.
