BBC news.

The G7 group of wealthy countries has promised a total of 7.5 billion dollars to help the rest of the world receive coronavirus vaccines. The increase in funding was agreed at a virtual summit. Critics have accused rich nations of acting too late.

President Biden has told world leaders the * alliance is back following years of strange relations between U.S and Europe under Donald Trump. Addressing the annual * security conference, Mr. Biden also criticized China and Russia.

The U.S Secretary of State Antony Blinken has denied that any concessions have been made to encourage Iran to begin complying again with 2015 International Nuclear Deal. Mr. Blinken told the BBC that Washington previous policy of putting maximum pressure on Tehran had failed.

The United Arab Emerates has said the princess Latifa, the daughter of the ruler of Dubai, is being cared for at home. The U.N has asked for proof that she was still alive after the BBC obtained videos in which she said her family was holding her at hostage.

UNICEF has warned that millions of children are in danger in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo. Numerous malicious are active in the area. The U.N agency said children were risk from sexual abuse or recruitment to soldiers.

A * seeker in France who just had his application rejected has been arrested on suspicion of stabbing the director of a refugee center to death. Witnesses said the manager was attacked in his office in the city of * .

An Italian hiker who broke his ankle in the * of the Alps has thanked his dog for helping him survive seven days and nights in freezing temperatures. The pet called Ash stayed by side helping to keep him warm and maintain his spirit.

BBC news.
