BBC news *

President Biden has introduced a two-trillion-dollars relief plan for Americans relief from the effects of the coronavirus pandemic. He signed executive orders to give low-income families easy access to federal food assistance programs and started the process for acquiring federal contractors to pay their workers at the minimum wage of 15 dollars per hour. Mr. Biden said the government needed to act decisively and boldly.

Democratic leaders in the U.S. Congress have said the article of impeachment against former president Donald Trump would be delivered to the Senate on Monday, but the full trail would not begin in earnest until next month to allow the defense time to prepare. Both Democrats and Republicans have stressed the need for a fair hearing from Mr. Trump, who faces charges of inciting insurrection.

President Biden's nominee to serve as U.S. Secretary of Defense, the retired army general Lloyd Austin has received bipartisan confirmation of his appointment by the Senate. He will be the first African-American to lead the Pentagon.

The United States is to review last year's agreement with the Taliban. The White House said the Biden administration would assess whether the Taliban was living up to its commitments to cut ties with terrorists, reduce violence and negotiate with the Afghan government despite peace talks violence has been on the rise.

The British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said that some evidences that the new variant of coronavirus that emerged in the UK may be associated with a higher mortality rate. The new variant has now been detected in more than 50 countries.

The Italian privacy regulator has told the video app Tiktok to block the account of any user whose age it cannot verify. It follows the accidental death of a 10-year-old girl who may have taken part in a so-called blackout choking challenge on the platform.

That's the latest BBC news.
