BBC news.

More than 100,000 people have now died with Covid-19 in Britain, the highest in Europe. The Prime Minister Boris Johnson said he was deeply sorry for every death. He insisted his government had done everything it could to save lives. Critics have accused Mr. Johnson of being too slow to impose lockdown and to take other measures to protect people.

The British-based company AstraZeneca has said the coronavirus vaccine it has developed with Oxford University isn't yet available for purchase by private firms. The statement came after Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro said a group of private companies planed to buy 33,000,000 doses from AstraZeneca to inoculate their staff.

President Biden has signed several executive orders aimed at tackling racial inequality in United States. One of them seeks to end the Justice Department's uses of privately run prisons. Mr. Biden has also rescinded the Trump's administration's ban on diversity training.

Mr. Biden has had a phone call with the Russian leader Vladimir Putin. Officials said he raised concerns about the poisoning of the Russian opposition activist Alexei Navalny, election interference and what he called Moscow's aggression against Ukraine. The Kremlin said Washington had agreed to extend the nuclear arms treaty that was due to expire this month. 

The veteran diplomat Antony Blinken has been confirmed as the U.S Secretary of State in the senate vote. He has promised to repair alliances estranged by Donald Trump's "America-first" approach.

As Nigeria's security problems deepened, President Muhammadu Buhari has replaced his chief of defense staff and the heads of the army, navy and air force. He gave no explanation, but he has been under pressure to act because of the failure of the armed forces to quell the Islamist's insurgency in the northeast.

And the Germany coach Thomas Tuche has been named as the new manager of the English Premier League Football Site Chelsea. He replaces Frank Lampard who was sacked on Monday morning.

BBC news.
