BBC news with Neil Nunes.

Officials at the US Capitol said they've secured the building after it was stormed by supporters of President Trump trying to disrupt the certification of Joe Biden's electoral win. Encouraged by the President, they had convened on the Capitol Building before overwhelming the police.

Washington DC's police spokesman Robert J. Contee described what happened. It was clear the crowd was intended on causing harm to our officers by deploying chemical irritants on police to force entry into the United States Capitol Building. As you are aware, they were able to gain access to the Capitol Building, and I can confirm that one civilian was reported to have sustained a gunshot wound inside of the capital.

And in the past few minutes police have confirmed that the woman shot has died.

Hours after the violence first began, Mr. Trump made a brief statement calling on them to go home. But he repeated his claims of electoral fraud which remain unproven as Jon Sopel reports.

No one has found fraud. The attorney general didn't find fraud. The person in charge of election security didn't find fraud. The head of the FBI didn't find fraud. Mitch McConnell, the Senate Majority Leader, said there was no fraud. So, how could you say go home and accept this, at the same time, as you're saying, it was a fraud and on the basis of no evidence.

The President-elect Joe Biden said the American democracy had been subjected to an unprecedented assault, which bordered on sedition. The former Republican President George W. Bush said he was appalled  by what he said was the reckless behaviour of some political leaders.

One of the headline, Democrats look set to gain control over the US Senate after Jon Ossoff was projected to have won his runoff race in Georgia.

That's the latest BBC world news. 
