BBC news with Neil Nunes.

North Korea has dismissed efforts by the United States to contact * as a cheap trick to buy time. A senior diplomat * said a approach by the new Biden's administration to discuss the nuclearlization will be disregarded until the US dropped its hostile policies.

Russia is recalling its ambassador to Washington for * about what it called the irreversible degradation of times with the United States. It follows a US intelligence report that suggests President Putin had authorized an interference campaign in last year's election, something Moscow has denied.

The president of [country], John * has died at the age of 61. The vice president said Mr. * , a coronavirus skeptic, had died in hospital from complications related to a heart condition. There has been speculation he may have contracted Covid-19 himself.

The [country] Prime Minister Macron has thanked to voters after an exit poll indicated that his * VVD party has won the most seats in the general election, giving him a mandate to form a new coalition government.   

The former Bolivian president [name] has been taken to hospital from a prison which she was on remand. Officials said she was suffering from high blood pressure. Miss [name] was arrested on Saturday of allegation that she participated in a coup in 2019 which she has denied.

The Canadian Senate has passed a bill that expands access to medically assisted death. The revised law now includes people that's in * medical condition but who's death is not considered imminent. 

And the creative director of the Tokyo Olympic Games has resigned after a suggesting that a female entertainer who take part in the open ceremony dressed as a pig. [name] has apologized. 

BBC news.
