BBC news with Debbie Russ.

At least two people have been killed in Myanmar with the security forces using live ammunition against protesters in the city of Mandalay. Several more suffered gunshot wounds. It's the deadliest response so far by the military authorities to daily demonstrations against the coup at the start of this month. 

An Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has denounced legal proceedings against him as absurd, after losing an appeal against the 2.5 years jail sentence. Mr. Navalny who appeared in two court cases on Saturday accused President Putin of twisting the justice system to suit himself. He's been fined more than 11,000 dollars for defaming a second World War veteran.

A women has been found shot dead at a camp for displaced people in northern Syria that holds a large number of family of Islamic State fighters in squalid conditions. The AI-Hol camp has seen a surge in killings in recent weeks. It thought to been the work of IS militants.

A major disaster has been declared in the U.S State of Texas because of cuts in power and water supplies caused by a record low temperatures. The announcement means more federal funds will now be deployed for the relief effort. Millions of people in Texas are still without clean running water.

Thousands of protesters have marched through the Armenian capital Yerevan to demand the resignation of the Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan. They accused him of mishandling a conflict late last year when ethnic Armenians were forced to hand territory to neighboring Azerbaijan.  

More demonstrations are taking place in the Spanish city of Barcelona in support of Pablo Hasel, a Catalan communist rapper who's been jailed over his lyrics and online comments. On Friday, demonstrators threw stones and bottles at police. Shops and banks were looted. Up to eight policemen were injured in the clashes.

BBC news.

---
Remarks:

1. live ammunition: 实弹
2. defame: 诽谤
3. displaced people: 游离失所的人
4. squalid conditions: 肮脏的环境
