BBC news.

The far-right nationalist, Israeli politician, Naftali Bennett, says he would work with all his might towards forming a new unity government, something that would end Bejamin Natanyahu's 20 years prime minister. Mr. Bennett threw his support behind the centrist Yair Lapid, who has until Wednesday to form a government. In response, Mr. Natanyahu has accused Mr. Bennett of misleading the public.

The Texas senate has approved a voting bill that President Biden has described as un-American and an assault on democracy. Restrictions in the bill will make it harder to vote by post and ban popular practices, such as drive-through voting.

Leader of the Western African Group ECOWAS has suspended Mali's membership from the bloc following last week's military coup, the second in nine months. Ghana's foreign minister told reporters that the bloc has called on Mali to nominate a new civilian Prime Minister immediately and to hold presidential election next February.

Iran's Attorney General has warned candidates in next month presidential election to steer clear of crossing red line in their campaigns. Topics considered to be red lines include questioning the guiding principle of the Islamic Republic, which places religious authority above that of politics.

The Senegalese military has been bombing separatist rebels in the southern province region of Casamance. People in neighbouring Guinea Bissau said they heard the sound of heavy weapons for four hours earlier on Sunday.

The Japanese tennis star Naomi Osaka has been warned she could be disqualified from the French Open and has been fined 15,000 dollars for refusing to attend press conferences at the tournament. The tennis authority said she could face being banned from future Grand Slam events.

BBC news.
