BBC news with Daniel *

President Trump has said it's time for the United States as a nation to heal and respect law and order. In a speech in Texas, Mr. Trump referred to the riot by his supporters in Washington last week. Earlier on Tuesday, he denied any responsibilities for the violence. He said his words before * had been totally appropriate. The President said that there is was risk his own cabinet will try to unseat him before his term runs out next week.

Iran has dismissed American accusations the country harbors most of the leadership of their * militant group. The Iranian Foreign Minister said his U.S counterpart Mike * was uttering warmongering lies when he said * now has his home base in Iran. The U.S Secretary of State offered no evidence for his assertion.

The Irish Prime Minister * has said reports into largely church-run homes that took in pregnant unmarried mothers described it dark and shameful chapter in Ireland history. An inquiry found the institutions had what it called appalling mortality rate.

Boeing delivered 157 aircrafts last year, 60% fewer than 2019. Output was affected by the grounding of the 737 Max following two accidents and production problems. The coronavirus pandemic also had significant impact.

Brazilian environmental campaign groups say farms for deforestation in Amazon has dropped to the lowest level in 20 years. It said the number of farms handed out by the government's environmental watchdog dropped by 20% last year compared to 2019.

A circus in Russia has been defending its use of animals dress up in Nazis * . The circus was criticized after a video footage emerged that trainers in Soviet Red Army uniforms leading a monkey apparently dress in black Nazis * and ghost wearing blanket in * with * .

That's the latest BBC news.
