BBC news with Neil Nunes.

The lower house of the French National Assembly has approved president Emmanuel Marcon's flagship project to combat extremism. The bill has militant Islam as it's prime target. It includes closer scrutiny of religious associations and a new offense of posting personal details online to endanger others.

The court of appeal in the Hague has decided a 9PM curfew to try to prevent the spread of coronavirus will remain in place until a full appeal on Friday. Earlier, a law accord ruled that the measure had to be reversed immediately. The caretaker prime minister Mark Rutts said it would very unwise to lift it now.

The Islamist Hamas authorities in Gaza have agreed to revise a controversial recent ruling that bars women from travelling without the permission of a male relative. A judge didn't say exactly what changes would be made.

The daughter of the ruler of Dubai says she's being held prisoner by her father. BBC has obtained a video from a phone smuggled to Princess Latifa, in which she says she's been kept in solitary confinement. Three years ago, the princess's attempted to flee Dubai ended as she tried to cross the Indian Ocean.

The Afghan Taliban have called on the United States and its NATO allies to withdraw all foreign forces from Afghanistan by the first of May, in line with last year's U.S-Taliban deal. The statement released before a NATO meeting warns that the conflict could get worse without a withdraw.

The head of the Roman Catholic Church in the Czech republic has rolled back from a comment he made that the coronavirus escaped from a Chinese weapon's laboratory. Cardinal Dominik Duka's office said the remark has been taken out of the context and it was nearly a hypothesis he had heard from several Czech military specialists.
