BBC news with *

President Joe Biden has signed executive orders covering his administration approach to Covid-19. He's made mask-wearing in federal buildings mandatory and asked people to wear masks in airports, on trains, airplanes and * buses until at least April. The orders also addressed virus testing, protecting workers and improving public health standards.

The head of World Health Organization, Dr. * , has welcomed the new Biden administration announcement that American intends to join in Covax, the program to share coronavirus vaccines with poorer countries. He said the move and Washington's commitment to re-join the WHO again is a good day for the WHO and for global health.

The Mexican President * has welcomed details of a bill on migration to be seen by the U.S President Joe Biden to Congress. He described the legislation as very good. If passed, he could open a path to citizenship for immigrants living in the United States.

Police in Italy have placed nearly 50 people under arrest in an operation targeting the most powerful * group, the * . It centers on a major fraud network alleged to operating in southern region of Calabria. One of those being investigated is the region's finance minister * .

A court has sentenced the former head of * bank Angelo Caloia and two Italian lawyers to prison for money laundering and * . 81-year-old Mr. Coloia jailed for nearly 9 years is the highest ranking * official to be found guilty of financial * . One of the convicted lawyers is aged 97.

The South Africa government minister Jackson * has died from complication relating to Covid-19. He was 62. President * has expressed deep sorrow and shock after the death.
