BBC news with Deniel *

The United States is now recorded to more than 25 millions coronavirus cases over a quarter of all infections globally. Nearly 480,000 Americans have died. President Biden has promised to make tackling the pandemic and its economic effects his top priority.

Germany is to offer an experimental anti-body treatment as part of its effort to combat the virus. It was used by Donald Trump when he became ill. The house minister [name] said the treatment produced by two American companies would help to prevent some high risk patients developing severe complications. 

The Arabel most populated country Egypt has started its vaccination program. The first recipient would give a Chinese made Sinopharm injection. Nearly 9,000 people have died of Covid-19 in Egypt.

Israel has banned almost all flights for a week from Monday night in an effort to slow the spread of * variant of the virus. There has been a surge in Covid death since the country in its third national lockdown.

Dutch riot police have used water cannon to clear hundreds of protesters who gathered in central Amsterdam in defiance of coronavirus restrictions. For second weekend, storm-flowing crowds clashed with battle * police in Museum Square.

A plane carrying 4 players at the presidential? Brazilian football team has crashed in the State of * . There were not survivors. The club * was due to play a regional cut match on Monday.

Thousands of farmers protesting against new agriculture laws in India have been allowed to * the capital Delhi on Tuesday. It's the day of India's high-profile annual republic day parade. The government had expressed concerns the hostile group * the farmer's rally could threaten security.

And the U.S. company SpaceX has set a new record for the number of satellites launched on a single rocket.

BBC news.
