BBC news with Chris Barrel.

President Biden has promised to help organize the reconstruction of Gaza as Palestinians accessed the damage caused by eleven days of Israeli air strike. Hundreds of homes have been destroyed and Palestinian official said the cost of rebuilding will run tens of millions of dollars. 

President Biden has said he's prepared to meet the North Korean leader, but only if Kim Jong-un agrees to discuss his nuclear program. He was speaking after talks with his South Korean counterpart Moon Jae-in. Both leaders said they shared a goal of a nuclear-free Korean Peninsula. 

The Nigerian army's most senior officer general [name] has been killed in a plane crash in [place] in the north of the country. The military said the accident happened as the plane was trying to land in bad weather.

The US is to stop funding El Salvador's police force and give the money to organizations that fight corruption. It comes after a vote in the Salvadorian Congress to remove the Attorney General and senior judges. The right-wing President [name] has been accused of increasingly authoritarian tendencies.

State media in China say 3 people are now known to have died in two earthquakes which struck different region of China on Friday. A 6.4-magnitude tremor hit the southwestern province of Yunnan. Several hours later, a magnitude 7 earthquake shook the sparsely populated northwestern province of Qinghai.

The president of Nepal [name] has dissolved Parliament and called elections for November. But doctors have called on politicians to prioritise saving lives as the country battles an escalating coronavirus cases. 

And the letter written by the physicist Albert Einstein containing his most famous scientific equation E=MC2 has sold at auction in Boston for more than 1.2 million dollars.

BBC news.
