BBC news with Neil Nunes.

The WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has won his battle to avoid extradition to the United States, where he faces charges relating to the disclosure of hundreds of thousands of secret military and diplomatic documents. A judge in London said there was a real risk he would take his own life. The U.S. has previously indicated it would appeal if the judgement went against him. 

British medics have for first time been administering the cheap and easy-to-use Oxford-AstraZeneca coronavirus vaccine. It's seen as a game changer ending the fight against the virus, and in the coming months tens of millions of doses are expected to be injected around the world, though it has to date already been approved for use in Britain and India. Meanwhile, President Macron has expressed his frustration at the slow roll-out of the French inoculation campaign.

Millions of children have returned to school in Kenya ten months after classes were shut due to the coronavirus pandemic. In Ghana, President Nana Akufo-Addo announced schools would reopen on the 15th of January.

Shareholders have approved the merger of Peugeot and Fiat Chrysler that would create the world's 4th biggest car maker. The new conglomerate to be called Stellantis will combine brands such as Jeep and Alfa Romeo.

South Korea has called on Iran to release an oil tanker seized by the Revolutionary Guards in the Gulf. The Foreign Minister in Seoul asked Iran to confirm the safety of the crew. Iran accused the ship of polluting the waterway with chemicals, but its operator said that there was no evidence for this.

And an Iranian government spokesman has said that Tehran has resumed 20% uranium enrichment as its Fordo nuclear facility. It is the latest breach of 2015 Nuclear Accord.

That's the latest BBC news.
