BBC news.

An internet shutdown in Uganda has fueled opposition concerns about whether to trust the results of Thursday's presidential election. Dozens of members of a civil society group have been arrested, accused of having run a illegal vote tallying center. The chairman of the electoral commission has hailed the poll as a success.

Experts say the health care system in the Brazilian city of Manaus where the new variant of coronavirus was first detected is one the verge of collapse. Doctors in the Amazon city said some people were being treated at home because of a shortage of hospital beds.

Guatemala has declared a state of emergency as hundreds of migrants prepare to cross the border it shares with Honduras on their journey to the United States. It will be in effect for 15 days.

France is to extend a six O'clock evening curfew across the whole of the country from Saturday to fight the spread of the coronavirus. The curfew had begun at eight O'clock in most areas, including Paris.

Scientists have confirmed 2020 was one of the hottest years ever and brought to an end the warmest decade yet recorded. Researchers say the global temperatures will continue to rise unless the greenhouse gas emissions are significantly reduced.

New York State Attorney General has filed a lawsuit against the New York city police department for excessive use of force during Black Lives Matter protest last year. Letitia James say the NYPD's response has been appalled, but not new. The NYPD has yet to respond.

An original painting of Tintin by its Belgian creator Hergé has been sold online by Paris auction house for 3.8 million dollars. It depicts Tintin and his dog Snowy hiding behind the large porcelain jar being menaced by a red Chinese dragon. 

BBC news.
