BBC news.

New European Union measures will force pharmaceutical companies to seek permission before supplying other countries with vaccines produced in Europe. The move comes amid a supply dispute between the EU and two manufacturers AstraZeneca and Pfizer, with Brussels saying it must guard against the undermining of its supplies. The World Health Organization has accused the rich countries of fighting over the cake when poor countries don't even have the crumbs.

AstraZeneca says it's fixed most of the problems affecting its vaccine manufacturing plants in Europe. Its head Pascal Soriot said productivity should start improving, helping supplies to EU countries.

Concerns over new coronavirus variants has prompted France and Germany to tighten their border controls. Berlin says most visitors from Britain, Ireland, Portugal, Brazil and South Africa will be banned from Saturday. Most non-EU nationals would be excluded from France from Sunday.

A Moscow court has ordered the detention of several close associates of the jailed opposition leader Alexei Navalny. Mr. Navalny's brother and his office coordinator are under house arrest.

For a third night Polish people have taken to the streets of Warsaw and other cities to protest against a new law restricting abortion. It was suddenly enacted on Wednesday.

The 2020 Olof Palme human rights price has gone to the Black Lives Matter global network foundation. The Swedish organizer said the foundation was honored for its work promoting peaceful civil disobedience against what he called police brutality worldwide.

The German radio broadcaster ARD says it will use female commentators for the first time to cover the delayed Men's Euro 2020 finals and next year's World Cup. The announcement comes after a retiring commentator said she doubted she ever see a women covering a World Cup final.

BBC news.
