BBC news.

A third day of protests against last week's military kill in Myanmar sought tens of thousands of * marching through the largest city Yangon, as protesters dispersed resident's pots and pans as to show resistance.

Saudi Arabia is said to have communed the death sentence of a * activist to 10 years jail. [name] was detained in 2012 after having taking part in anti-government protests.

Italy is allowing a rescue vessel to dock in * despite several of more than 400 migrants onboard having tested positive for coronavirus. Eight people with coronavirus were isolated.

George [name], President [name]'s long serving secretary of state has died. He was 100 years old. Mr. [name] spent most of the 1980s trying to improve the U.S relations with Soviet Union and forging a course of full peace in the Middle East. 

President Biden says there is no reasons for the United States to be joining to direct conflict with China. He said both sides were engaged in what he called extreme competition instead. The President also said Washington would not lift sanctions on Iran in order to revive negotiations with Tehran over how to restore the nuclear deal, which the U.S withdrew from under Donald Trump. Officials in the new U.S administration have made it clear that Tehran must resume full compliance with the 2015 deal, before the U.S will rejoin the agreement.

The U.S infectious disease official Anthony Fauci has suggested second doses of coronavirus vaccines should not be delayed. Dr. Fauci said the science was not clear on the issue.

The president of Haiti [name] says police have arrested more than 20 people he accused of plotting to kill him. Mr. [name] did not provide any further details of evidence, but his justice minister said the authorities had * a coup. The detained include a supreme court judge.
