BBC news.

Within the next hour, the American space agency NASA hopes to put a rover vehicle on the surface of Mars. The Perseverance mission will search for ancient signs of life on the red planet. The craft must first survive a high-speed plunge through the Martian atmosphere.   

President Emmanuel Macron of France has urged western governments to send 5% of their coronavirus vaccines to developing countries as soon as possible. He told the Financial Times newspaper that current vaccine program in rich countries were leading to an unprecedented acceleration of global inequality.

Britain, France, Germany and the United States say they are committed to making sure that Tehran can never develop a nuclear weapon. A joint-statement also expressed the concern at Tehran's recent moves to upgrade its uranium enrichment process. The four powers had gathered to discuss the nuclear deal which was abandoned three years ago by Donald Trump.

A meeting of NATO defence ministers has made no decisions on when to withdraw troops from Afghanistan. The Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said there must first be a reduction in violence and the lasting political agreement with the Taliban.

An inquiry in Columbia has found that nearly 6,500 civilians were killed by the security forces when the former President Alvaro Uribe was in office. The figure was far higher than previously thought. A special court has been looking into atrocities committed during a long-running conflict between the Columbian government and armed groups.

Dutch politicians have given initial approval to a law that was hastily drafted to preserve a nationwide coronavirus curfew. The legislation was drawn up after a court said the curfew must be lifted. The caretaker Prime Minister Mark Rutte says it would be very unwise to lift it now.

BBC news.

--- 
Remarks:

1. rover vehicle: 火星漫游车, 用于火星探测的可移动探测器
2. plunge：跳水，扎入; 这里指飞行器高速进入火星大气层
3. atrocities committed: 犯下的暴行
4. lift (a legal restriction, or a ban): 移除或终止(一项法令或禁令)
