BBC news.

The respected Italian economist [name] has called for the country's political parties to unite beside him after he was asked to form a new coalition government. Mr. * said he was confident that political unity would emerge, bringing an end to weeks of political * .

The top disease control officials in the U.S has warned new variants of the coronavirus are threatening to reverse recent declines in the number of cases in the country. [name] said recent new variant infections have been linked to behaviors like not wearing masks.

12 Mexican police officers have been arrested over their alleged involvement in the death of 19 people near the border with United States. The child bodies were found last month inside a burned-out vehicle.  

Ethiopia's state news agency says 15 people have been arrested in the capital Addis Ababa over a plot to attack the United Emirates embassy. A second group was reported to be planning to attack the UAE's mission in neighboring Sudan. Emirati officials have not commented.

The Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babiš has lashed out a constitutional court after a ruling that will make it harder for his parties to win the October election. Mr. Babis said the court's chairman had presidential ambitions and wanted to carry favor with smaller parties. 

In the Democratic Republic of Congo, * , a supporter of the president has been elected as Head of the National Assembly. It's the latest sign that [name] is wresting political power away from his predecessor Joseph Kabila.

Canada has listed the Proud Boys and three other far-right organizations as terrorist entities. The all-male anti-immigrants Proud Boys described themselves as western chauvinists. Some members were among the supporters of Donald Trump who stormed the U.S Capitol last month.
