BBC news.

A Russian court has ruled that the opposition activist Alexei Navalny should spend more than two and a half years in prison following his return to Moscow after recovering from being poisoned. The judge took into account his time served under house arrest. Mr. Navalny has called the charges against him fabricated. His campaign team has called for protests in Moscow and St. Petersburg after two consecutive weekends of nationwide demonstrations. Western condemnation was swift. The United States has expressed deep concerns. The EU's foreign policy chief called for Mr. Navalny's immediate release.

US democrats has released pre-trail documents accusing Donald Trump of whipping his supporters into a frenzy in an desperate effort to cling on to power. Mr. Trump's lawyers have denied that he incited the violence at the Capitol.

A new study from Oxford University says the coronavirus vaccines it developed with AstraZeneca not only protects from severe disease but also reduces the transmission of the virus significantly. Researchers found the jab provided good protection even when there was a gap of 12 weeks between the first and second doses.

The UN Security Council has failed to agree a joint-statement condemning the military takeover in Myanmar after China objected. The UN special envoy in Myanmar has urged the Security Council to send a clear signal in support of democracy by condemning the actions of military.

The former Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has said talks to rebuild the coalition government have collapsed. He brought down the previous coalition last month in protest at his handling of the pandemic.

Three opposition political parties in Ethiopia's Tigray region say more than 50,000 civilians have been killed since the start of the conflict in November.

BBC news.
