BBC news *

President Biden has signed a series of executive orders to tackle climate change, marking a sharp contrast to the policies of his predecessor Donald Trump. Mr. Biden described climate change as an existential threat, and so the U.S must lead the global response to it. Among new measures announced, there is * on new oil and gas leases on public land.

The new U.S Secretary of State Antony Blinken has promised to rebuild * and trust in the state department, which correspondents say has become demoralized during the years of Trump's administration. Mr. Blinken said the world is watching to see whether the U.S could heal its internal divisions and lead with the power of example.

A row has escalated between AstraZeneca and the European Union over a shortage of coronavirus vaccines. The E.U Health Commissioner Stella Kyriakides is pushing for the * firm to make up for shortfall in supplies by using facilities in Britain and the E.U.

The brother of the Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been detained in a series of police raids on properties links to the * critic. Mr. Navalny's supporters are continuing to call for more protests this Sunday despite the raids.

Protests are taking place in Poland over a near total ban on abortion. It's due to take effect later today. Terminations will now only be allowed in cases of * or when the mother's life is in danger.

Saudi Arabia's Anti-corruption Commission says it's broken up a multi-billion-dollar money in laundering * . A number of business owners, * and 12 bank officials have been arrested.

And a previous unknown work by Mozart has received its premier online on the composer's 265 birthday. * in D major for piano is only a minute and a half long, which performed by the acclaimed South Korea pianist [name]. 
