BBC news.

Four countries has began legal actions against Iran over the accidental shooting down of a Ukraine airline near Tehran last year. Ukraine, Britain, Sweden and Canada are demanding that Tehran officially takes responsibility for what happened. Their citizens were among the 176 victims. 

President Biden has announced that the US would donate 19 million doses of Covid-19 vaccines to COVAX, the global facility designed to distribute vaccines fairly. He said another six millions will go directly to countries such as Canada and India. The plan covers around a third of 80 million doses. COVAX has said it needs at least two billion doses for lower income countries.

New clashes are reported to be erupted between troops from the Central African Republic and neighboring Chad. The come days after nine people including three Russians were killed on the border. For the last few years, Russia has sent soldiers to assist the CARS military, but it's rare for Moscow to confirm its involvement in the fighting.

France says it has suspended joint military operations with Mali due to the uncertainty created by last month's coup. The French armed forces ministry said the suspension would continue until it received guarantees over the framework for a return of civilians to positions of power in Mali.

A court in Pakistan has overturned the death sentence headed down to a Christian couple for blasphemy. Shagufta Kausar and her husband Shaft Emmanuel were convicted in 2014 of insulting the Prophet Mohammed.

The government in Bangladesh is offering tax breaks to companies hiring transgender people in order to boost job opportunities for the country's marginalized trans community. Trans rights group welcomed the proposal.

BBC news.
