BBC news

After days of frantic negotiation in Israel, a coalition of opposition party has been formed to oust the Prime Minister Benjamin Natanyahu from power. If it wins support in the [place], a new government will be led for the next two years by [name], a hard-line former settler. He will then succeeded by Yair Lapid of the centrist Yesh Atid for the following two years. Eight parties make up the new coalition.

The European envoy [name] who is coordinating talks reviving the Iran Nuclear Deal says he believes an agreement could reach at the next round, which is due to start next week. The talks are aimed at bringing the United States back into the nuclear accord and lifting sanctions on Iran.

A judge in [country] has ordered the arrest of the opposition editor and newspaper editor [name] for money laundering and other charges. She says the allegations against her are politically motivated.

The US Secretary of State Antony Blinken has said that arbitrarily baning the opposition leader reflects [name]'s fear of free and fair elections. 

The US space agency NASA has announced two new missions to Venus, aimed at understanding why earth nearest planetary neighbor became a fiery hellscape, while our own planet thrived. The missions are scheduled to launch at the end of the decade. 

Thousands of people are taking part in demonstrations in Columbia. They are demanding better public services and protesting about economic inequality. 

A novel about Senegalese troops fighting for France in the First World War has won this year's International Booker Prize for Literature. The book, At Night all Blood is black is written by the French writer David Diop.

BBC news.
