BBC news with Julie Candler.

The G7 group of advanced economics has reached a historic deal to make multi-national companies pay more tax. Finance ministers meeting in London agreed to battle tax avoidance by making companies pay more in the countries where they do business. They also agreed in a principal to a global minimum cooperate tax rate to 15% to avoid countries undercutting each other. Facebook and Amazon have said they welcomed the move as they believed it promotes stability and certainty.

Thousands of people have been marching through Budapest to protest against controversial plans to open a multi-million Chinese university campus in the Hungarian capital. They say the project will undercut the country's own higher education and increase the influence of China's communist authorities.

* says about 100 people have been killed in an attack on the village in the northeast of the country. The government said the assailants killed villagers in * and burned their homes and a local market. Reports of another village * say unidentified attackers killed 14 people.

Nigeria's Attorney General says offenders of the government's Twitter ban will be prosecuted. The Information Minister said earlier the ban was due to the persistent use of the platform for activities capable of undermining the state.

Reports from northern Iraq say a Turkish air strike has killed at least three people in a refugee camp for Kurdish refugees. The * camp was singled out this week by President * as a heaven and * for Kurdish militants.

Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan have agreed to pull out their troops from a disputed section of common border which has seen rising tensions. Border posts will be pulled back by three kilometers. On Friday, Kyrgyzstan accused its neighbor of advancing one kilometer into its territory near the city of Osh. * denied this. 

BBC news.
