BBC news with Debbie Russ.

A new talk in Vienna to revive the Iran nuclear deal are said to have made progress, but differences remain. Delegations from Iran and the EU both said there had been advances of the latest meeting. But the US National Security Adviser said there was still some way to go in key issues.

The new Israeli prime minister Naftali Bennett has warned against reaching a deal with Iran. He said the winner of the Iranian presidential election Rbrahim Raisi was part of a regime of hangmen and murderers.

State-run media in Iran say there has been an emergency shutdown of the country's only nuclear power station. There's no official explanation for the move.

A body discovered in woodland in Belgium has been confirmed as that of a soldier who disappeared last month with weapons, including rocket launchers. Jurgen Conings was declared a security threat when he made threats against the mosque as well as Belgium's top virologist. 

Polls have closed in Armenia in parliamentary election called after months of political turbulence following military defeat last year by Azerbaijan. The party of the prime minister Nikol Pashinyan faces a challenge from the former president Robert Kocharian.

Cuba says late stage trails show that a Covid vaccine it's developed is more than 60% effective against infections with two doses. The communist government has already begun a vaccination campaign using other domestically produced jabs.

The Peruvian presidential candidate Keiko Fujimori said she will accept the ruling of the jury accessing her allegations of fraud in this month's elections. Her claims of irregularities have been widely dismissed by electoral observers.

In European Football Championships, Italy has beaten Wales 1:0. Italians who'd already qualified for the next round have won all three of their opening games. Today's other match, Switzerland beat Turkey 3:1. 

BBC news.
