BBC news with Fiona McDonald.

President Biden says a deal has been reached with the bipartisan group of senators on rebuilding America's aging infrastructure. The agreement which will see 1.2 billion dollars spent on infrastructure projects over eight years now needs to be sold to Congress.

The US officials say they are trying to find 99 people who are unaccounted for after 12 storey apartment buildings partially collapsed in Miami. One person is known to have died in the incident.

Rudy Giuliani, Donald Trump's former lawyer has been suspended from practicing law in New York State. An Appeals Court said he made false and misleading statements while trying to get courts overturn Donald Trump's loss in last year's presidential elections.

Leaders at European Union Summit in Brussels have not been able to agree on renewing the bloc's direct contacts with Russia broken off when Moscow annexed Crimea seven years ago.

The EU leaders were mostly united in their condemnation of a new Hungarian law they say discriminates against gay people.

The Ethiopian military has denied a military plane which crashed in the Tigray region were shot down by rebels. A military spokesman said the plane had suffered a mechanic problem. The Tigray people's liberation front said its forces had used anti-aircraft weapons.

A new port has been officially opened in the self-declared Republic of Somali land which should help boost exports between the horn of Africa and the Gulf region. The container port is also potentially a huge benefit to landlocked Ethiopia. 

And scientists in Israel say they have discovered a previously unknown form of early human after studying fragments of a fossilized skull and jawbone. They were found in an archaeological site near Tel Aviv and indicated the Hominin with a flat skull and no chin. Researchers have called it the Nesher Ramla Hominin.

BBC news.
