BBC news with David Harper.

The Mexican and Argentina ambassadors have been recalled for consultations from Nicaragua where another presidential candidate has been detained. President Daniel Ortega has now arrested 5 people seeking to challenge him in November, in what BBC correspondent calls Nicaragua's most flagrant power grabbing in years.

Western countries have announced new sanctions against Belarus over the forced landing of a passenger plane in Minsk to detain a critic of the authoritarian president Alexander Lukashenko. The measures target individuals and companies.

The World Health Organization is working with a group of companies on plans to start producing mRNA coronavirus vaccines in South Africa. The aim is to get the facility up and running in a year.

The UN has called on the Roman Catholic church to do more to stop the sexual exploitation of children in religious establishments and pay compensation to victims. Rapporteurs also said the Church had sought to obstruct their work that covered up thousands of cases. 

There have been more clashes between government forces and Taliban fighters near Kunduz in northern Afghanistan as international forces continue their pullout. The rebels have taken around 30 districts but haven't attacked Kunduz.

The US Supreme Court has rejected the College Sports Association's defense of the ban on student athletes making money. The case was a narrow one, but the ruling could have profound consequences for the multi-billion-dollar industry.

In what's being seen as another attack on the media, the Belarus authorities have demanded thousands of documents from the association of journalists. They include membership lists, communications and financial records, and must be handed over in 2 days.

At Football's European championships, Belgium beat Finland 2:0 while Denmark produced a 4:1 victory over Russia. Belgium and Denmark will go through to the next round along with Austria, who defeated Ukraine 1:0 and the Netherlands who won a third straight victory, 3:0 against North Macedonia. 

BBC news.
