BBC news.

Peru has revised its number of coronavirus deaths to more than double of what was previous thought. 180,000 people have died in Covid in Peru according to new official figures.

The family of a Turkish man abducted to Nairobi is to file a legal compliant against Kenya for sending him to Turkey despite an ongoing challenge to his extradition. Lawyers for Selahaddin Gullen and nephew of the exiled cleric Fethullah say he was taken on May, the 3rd.

The Japanese tennis star and the world No.2 Naomi Osaka is withdrawing from the French Open as result of controversy over her refusal to speak to the media during the tournament. In a statement, the 23-year-old said she got huge wave of anxiety about speaking to the world press after matches.

The French President has saluted to the German Chancellor Angela Merkel at her last ever Franco-Germany cabinet meeting. Speaking after a meeting over the Internet, Emmanuel Macron thanked her for helping to secure an approval for the European Union's 750 billion euro coronavirus recovery fund.

The World Trade Organization has again failed to reach an agreement to suspend temporary patient protection rules for Covid-19 vaccines. The proposal put forward by several developing countries who argued that the world World Trade rules protecting the patients were hindering the fight against the pandemic.

A leading Cuban dissident artist Luis Manuel Otero Alcantara is being discharged from hospital a month after he was forcefully taken from his home in the capital Havana. Mr. Otero Alcantara has gone on hunger strike to protest against police harassment.

And South American's most prestigious football event, the Copa America is to be hosted by Brazil. The South American Football Confederation stripped Argentina of the tournament because of a coronavirus surge there. Reaction in Brazil has been overwhelmingly negative.

BBC news.
