BBC news with Fiona McDonald.

Washington has called for an end to the increasing violence in Afghanistan and urged the government and the Taliban to hold talks in earnest. The militants have taken over more than 50 districts as international forces completed their withdrawal.

The US government has taken control of several Iranian news sites. Many have been taken offline with notices to explain that they have been taken over. They include Press TV, Iran's Arabic Language Television station Al-Alam and Al-Masirah TV which is run by the Iranian-backed Houthi movement in Yemen.

Democrats in the US Senate have failed to secure the 60 votes necessary to advance legislation to reform voting rights. Democratic party leaders want to expand voter access, but the Republicans were united in their opposition to the motion.

Argentina has to pay its international creditors more than 400 million dollars to avoid a damaging default on its debt. The party payment on a debt of 2.4 billion dollars means Argentina now has until next March to reach an agreement with the Paris Club of wealthy creditor nations.

The US Department of the Interior is to launch an investigation into impact of what was known as Indian residential schools on indigenous families. Hundreds of thousands of native American children were removed from their communities and sent to the schools in the 19th and 20th centuries.

The fighting over the Yemeni city of Marib is said to be intensified. Houthi rebels have carried out a series of attacks followed by airstrikes by pro-government forces.

And in football's European Championships, Scotland have been knocked out after losing 3:1 to Croatia. England finished top of Group D after beating the Czech Republic 1:0. England now faced a potential clash with the World Cup holders France, Portugal or Germany.

BBC news.
