BBC news Fiona McDonald.

President Biden has announced a policy of zero-tolerance towards firearms dealers who do not run proper background checks. In a speech of the White House, the President said there were currently two many * that's allowed guns to fall into the wrong hands. He also said he will seek to improve funding for crime prevention.

United Nations says Ethiopia must investigate an airstrike on a market in Tigray which according to eye-witnesses killed dozens of people. Ambulances were allegedly refused permission to pick up wounded people. Reports say Al-Shabaab have been losing grounds in its beat to crash a Tigrarian regional rebellion.   

Brazil's environment minister * has resigned the head of a criminal investigation. He's accused of obstructing a police poll into an international scheme to traffic illegal * Amazon rainforest * .

The authorities in the Spanish region of * say the US tech-pioneer John * has been found dead in the prison where he's been held in Barcelona. Early today Spanish Court approved his extradition to the United States where he's wanted for * .

Hong Kong's main pro-democracy newspaper Apple Daily is printing its last edition. The pro-Beijing authorities have seized its essays and arrested senior staff as part of an campaign against democratic * in the territory.

The pop star Britney Spears has asked a court of Los Angles to remove her father as the guardian of her state. James Spears have given control of her affairs 13 years ago after she suffered a mental breakdown.

The group stage of the European Football Championships has concluded with France drawing 2:0 with title defenders Portugal and Germany coming from behind twice to draw 2:0 with Hungary. In today's earlier matchers, Spain beat * 4:0 and Sweden defeated Poland 3:2.

BBC news.
