BBC news with Daniel Yaluyasga.

President Trump has said it's time for the United States as a nation to heal and respect law and order. In a speech in Texas, Mr. Trump referred to the riot by his supporters in Washington last week. Earlier on Tuesday, he denied any responsibilities for the violence. He said his words before the incident had been totally appropriate. The President said that there was no risk his own cabinet will try to unseat him before his term runs out next week.

Iran has dismissed American accusations that the country harbors most of the leadership of the AI-Qaeda militant group. The Iranian Foreign Minister said his U.S counterpart Mike Pompeo was uttering warmongering lies, when he said AI-Qaeda now has its home base in Iran. The U.S Secretary of State offered no evidence for his assertion.

The Irish Prime Minister, the Taoiseach Micheál Martin, has said a report into largely church-run homes that took in pregnant unmarried mothers described a dark and shameful chapter in Ireland history. An inquiry found the institutions had what he called appalling mortality rates.

Boeing delivered 157 aircrafts last year, 60% fewer than in 2019. Output was affected by the grounding of the 737 Max following two accidents and production problems. The coronavirus pandemic also had a significant impact.

Brazilian environmental campaign groups say fines for deforestation in Amazon have dropped to the lowest level in 20 years. It said the number of fines handed out by the government's environment watchdog dropped by 20% last year compared to 2019.

A circus in Russia has been defending its use of animals dress up in Nazi apparel. The circus was criticized after a video footage emerged that trainers in Soviet Red Army uniforms leading a monkey apparently dress in black Nazi garb and goats wearing blanket emblazoned with swastikas.

That's the latest BBC news.
