BBC news with Julie Candler.

The Russian opposition activist Alexei Navalny has been detained soon after landing back in Moscow. He just returned after months spent abroad recovering from a nerve agent attack. Mr. Navalny told reporters he was not afraid, then kissed his wife before being led away by uniformed officials at the airport. The prison authority said he broken parole conditions. His flight from Berlin have been diverted from the scheduled airport where his supporters had gathered to another in Moscow.

The American music producer Phil Spector, one of the best-known figures in 1960s pop music has died while serving a prison sentence for murder. He was 81. Spector created The Wall of Sound and produced a series of hits for artists such as The Ronettes and Tina Turner. He killed the actress Lana Clarkson at his mansion in 2003 and spent his final years in jail. 

Riot police and the military in Guatemala have fired tear gas and used trenches on a caravan of thousands of central American migrants, near the border with Honduras. The migrants are bound for the United States. Several people were injured. The Guatemalan government says it has deported almost 1,000 people to Honduras in the past three days.

There have been more clashes between protesters and police in the Tunisian capital Tunis and several other cities across the country. The authorities say they've arrested more than 200 people, mostly youngsters. There is widespread dissatisfaction in Tunisia, which is enduring severe economic problems.

Brazil's health regulators have approved the emergency use of coronavirus vaccines from Oxford AstraZeneca and China Sinovac. A mass inoculation program is due to start almost immediately.

An axe belonging to a soldier, wooden boats and masks are among objects that have been found in more than 50 ancient Egyptian coffins discovered in Saqqara, south of Cairo has also gained the Egyptians place among the mummified corpses.
