BBC news with Daniel Yaluyasga.

The United States has now recorded to more than 25 millions coronavirus cases, over a quarter of all infections globally. Nearly 418,000 Americans have died. President Biden has promised to make tackling the pandemic and its economic effect his top priorities.

Germany is to offer an experimental antibody treatment as part of its effort to combat the virus. It was used by Donald Trump when he became ill. The Health Minister Jens Spahn said the treatment produced by two American companies would help to prevent some high-risk patients developing severe complications. 

The Arab world's most populous country Egypt has started its vaccination program. The first recipients were given the Chinese-made Sinopharm injection. Nearly 9,000 people have died of Covid-19 in Egypt.

Israel has banned almost all flights for a week from Monday night in an effort to slow the spread of mutant variant of the virus. There has been a surge in Covid death and the country's in its third national lockdown.

Dutch riot police have used water cannon to clear hundreds of protesters who gathered in central Amsterdam in defiance of coronavirus restrictions. For a second weekend, stone-throwing crowds clashed with battle-wielding police in Museum Square.

A plane carrying 4 players and the president of the Brazilian football team has crashed in the State of Tocantins. There were not survivors. The club Palmas was due to play a regional club match on Monday.

Thousands of farmers protesting against the new agriculture laws in India have been allowed to rally near the capital Delhi on Tuesday. It's the day of India's high-profile annual republic day parade. The government had expressed concern that hostile groups infiltrating the farmer's rally could threaten security.

And the U.S. company SpaceX has set a new record for the number of satellites launched on a single rocket.

BBC news.
