BBC news I'm John Shan.

The have been reports of tear gas in Moscow as riot police were deployed in big numbers to beat and drag away demonstrators, who come out in support of the jailed opposition leader Alexei Navalny. Many of the protesters pushed back. More than 2,000 people have been arrested across Russia. Some demonstrators have raised concerns about the fate of Mr. Navalny in prison.

Spain's highest ranking general has resigned after being accused of jumping the queue to get a coronavirus vaccination. Miguel Angel Villaroya, the Chief of the Defense Staff, said he hadn't intended to take advantage of privileges that he wasn't entitled to, and he was leaving office with a clear conscience.

Italy has accused Pfizer and Astrazeneca of serious contract violations after the companies announced they would not able to deliver their coronavirus vaccines as agreed. The Prime Minister, Giuseppe Conte, said his government would use all legal means at its disposal to make sure the companies met their obligations.

Pub and restaurant owners in the Czech Republic have protested against the coronavirus lockdown that's been in force since October. A handful of establishments open their doors for the day while others post petitions against the restrictions.

That's no sign of foreign forces withdrawing from Libya despite deadline agreed in a U.N. brokered ceasefire deal. The government in Tripoli is backed by Turkey, with mercenaries from Syria, while the eastern-based commander, General Khalifa Haftar, has been supported by Russian fighters.

Saudi Arabia says its air defense has thwarted an attempt strike on the capital Riyadh. State media blamed the attack on the Houthi rebels in neighboring Yemen. The Houthis denied being involved in this latest assault.

And celebrated American broadcaster Larry King has died at the age of 87. In a career spanning six decades, he interviewed many of the world's most famous people from Nelson Mandela to Frank Sinatra.

BBC news.
