BBC news with Chris Barrel.

In his first move to rebuild Obamacare, President Biden has signed an executive order restoring access to the online heath insurance marketplace for people who cannot obtain coverage through their employers. Mr. Biden said it was imperative to make healthcare available to as many people as possible in the middle of pandemic.  

The US economy shrank by 3.5% last year as coronavirus shutdown large sectors of business and public life. It was the worst year for US economy since 1946.

Facebook’s new oversight board has ruled the social media giant was wrong to take down four out of the five cases it's examined so far. These first rulings has been scrutinized for indications of how the board will handle Facebook’s suspension of Donald Trump's account.

There has been a second night of protests in cities across Poland against a near total ban on abortion. On Wednesday, a ruling by the constitutional court came into force, outlawing terminations for severe and irreversible fetal abnormalities.

The White House has said it's outraged by the Pakistan Supreme Court's decision to release four man convicted of involvement in the killing of the American journalist Daniel Pearl in 2002. Spokeswoman Jen Psaki called on Pakistan to consider allowing the US to prosecute the main suspect Ahmed Omar Saeed.

Officials in a town of Gainesville in the US state of Georgia say a leak of liquid nitrogen at a poultry plant has killed six people. Over a hundred workers from the Prime Pak Foods plant were examined for injuries.

A portrait by the renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli has sold for 92 million dollars at auction, a record price for the Italian artist. It's one of only around dozens of his surviving portraits. The identity of the buyer is not yet known.

BBC news.
