BBC news with *

The European Union's Foreign Policy Chief says he will press the release of Russia's jailed opposition leader Alexei Navalny when he visits Moscow next month. Josep Borrell said he will pass on a clear message. EU ministers meeting in Brussels did not impose fresh sanctions on Moscow. 

The Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador says his country will receive 24 million doses of Russia's coronavirus vaccines Sputnik-V to help deal with the spike infections and deaths. He made the announcement after a phone conversation with President Putin.

The European Union's Health Commissioner says it's unacceptable that Astrazeneca is cutting a number of Covid vaccines it had promised to provide. Stella Kyriakides said the company had not given a satisfactory explanation. 

A single impeachment charge of inciting insurrection would be delivered to the US Senate later for the formal start of Donald Trump's trail over the storming of Congress by his supporters. Proceedings won't get underway in earnest for two weeks to allow President Biden to focus on his agenda and Mr. Trump to prepare a defense.

Donald Trump's ban on transgender people joining the US military has been overturned by Mr. Biden. The President described America as being stronger when it's more inclusive.

Italy's Prime Minister has announced to resign on Tuesday, in a hope of being asked by the President to try to form a new and stronger alternative government. Giuseppe Counte lost his majority in the Upper House of Parliament last week, after a small party left the coalition.

The number of refugees being resettled around the world have dropped to its lowest level in nearly two decades amid the pandemic. The U.N's Refugee Agency says only around 23,000 were taken in by governments last year as they cut their quotas and coronavirus restrictions caused delays in processing and travel.

BBC news.
