BBC news with Stewart Macintosh. 

Reports from Russia say police in Moscow and St Petersburg have arrested dozens of supporters of the jailed opposition activist Alexei Navalny after he urged people to have the courage to protest against president Putin. Protesters braved temperatures of minus 20 Celsius to chant for Mr. Navalny's release outside of Moscow police station where a makeshift court remanded him in custody for 30 days.  

Israel which is vaccinating people against Covid-19 faster than any other country has revealed details of its contract with its main supply of Pfizer. The government is sharing real-time information. Reports suggest Pfizer is receiving higher price but does to guarantee its availability.  

Both World Health Organization and China have been criticized for not acting fast enough to stop the spread of coronavirus. An investigation established by the WHO said an international emergency should have been declared sooner.

The German car maker Audi has become the latest to warn the global shortage of semi-conductors or computer chips will force it to cut production in the coming weeks. Car industry has recovered faster than expected from Covid-19.

The UN has called on Yemeni government forces and Houthi rebels to stop fighting and respect what supposed to be a truth in the western city of Hodeidah. Dozens of combatants have recently been killed.    

A social media campaign to shed light on the extent of child sex abuse within the family in France has received 80,000 responses since Saturday. It was triggered by abuse accusations against the prominent political commentator. 

Israel drivers have taken part in the Dakar rally in Saudi Arabia even thought there's officially a Saudi ban on travellers from Israel. One of the teams said they were proud to have made history by participating in the race across the Saudi dessert. 

BBC news.
