BBC news with Stewart Macintosh.

The number of Covid-19 related deaths around the world now stands at more than two millions since the disease first emerged a year ago. In that time it's claimed more lives than HIV, malaria, flu and cholera put together.

Pfizer-BioNTech has warned of delays in delivering coronavirus vaccines from its Belgian plant, but the company says it will be boosting production in the long term. Six European Union member states have described the reduced shipments as unacceptable.

Ugandan electoral commission has dismissed claims by the main opposition presidential candidate that Thursday's election was rigged. Bobi Wine has claimed that he is the true winner despite official figures showing him trailing far behind the incumbent Yoweri Museveni.

A speaker of the United States' house of representatives Nancy Pelosi has asked a retired army general to investigate the security failings, which allowed rioting Donald Trump's supporters to storm Congress. Which only 5 days to go till Joe Biden's inauguration, General Russel Honore will conduct an urgent review.

Mexico has accused the US of fabricating evidences against the former Defence Minister in a row over his prosecution for alleged drug trafficking. General Salvador Cienfuegos was arrested in the US in October but allowed to return to Mexico to face charges there. Mexican prosecutors dropped the cases against him on Thursday.

The Palestinian authority says parliamentary and presidential elections would be held in May and June respectively. It will be the first chance that Palestinian have the votes since legislative elections 14 years ago.

The messaging service Whatsapp has delayed by three month the date by which users should agree to its new privacy terms or have their accounts suspended. They now have until May 15th. The new privacy terms allow Whatsapp to share some data with its parent company Facebook.

BBC news.
