BBC news.

Tens of thousands of police and paramilitaries has been deployed across French to enforce a strict curfew to prevent new year celebrations spreading the coronavirus. In a televised address, President Macron acknowledged the sacrifice he demanded the people to control the pandemic. Earlier the German Chancellor Angela Merkel described 2020 is the most difficult of her 15 years in office. In his new year address, Donald Trump said Americans had much to be grateful for. 

Defense lawyers in Mali say six people have been charged with attempting to carry out a counter-coup shortly after the military overthrow president [name] in August. One of the accused is said to be the former Prime Minister [name]. He has denied the allegation.

An * businesswoman who was close to the ex-president [name] has been jailed for corruption. Investigators found over a million dollars in cash and 17 kilos of gold jewelry at the home of [name].

Yemen's government has accused Houthi rebels and Iran of being hehind the deadly attack on the city of Adam's airport on Wednesday. At least 22 people were killed. The Houthis have denied involvement.

Police in * say they have seized a record amount of drugs in the last year, 128 tons. Officials had expected a decrease in trafficking because of the pandemic. * shares borders with Columbia and Peru, the world's biggest producers of cocaine.

The National Anthem of Australia has been changed in what the Prime Minister says it's an attempt to better acknowledge the country's indigenous people, where it once said "For we are young and free". It now says "For we are one and free".

The Manchester United footballer [name] has been suspended for using a racist term on social media. He has been given a three-match ban and a fine of 130,000 dollars. [name] said the Spanish word he used had an affection meaning in South America.
