BBC news I'm John Shea.

There's renewed concern about the conflict in the Central African Republic where the former prime minister describing the situation as "apocalyptic". Martin Ziguele said there was daily fighting across the country and that he couldn't leave the capital without an armed escort. The summit of regional leaders warned that the crisis in the CAR is serious threat to neighboring countries.  

Britain's Cabinet Office minister Michael Gove says the European Union has acknowledged it made a mistake over it's now canceled attempt to override part of the Brexit agreement and impose vaccine export controls on the northern Irish border. An Irish government minister told the BBC all parties have work together to correct the error.

A Russian businessman has claimed that he owns a billion dollar palace which the Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny had linked to president Putin. Arkady Rotenberg, who is Mr. Putin former judo partner, said he brought the mansion two years ago, but he didn't say how he paid for it.  

An explosion at a petrol station in Yemen has killed at least two people and injured dozens of others. It happened as people were queueing to fill fuel canisters in the city of Arbeitsam. Hospitals have appealed for blood donors. The cause of the blast is not known. 

Customs officials at South Africa's main international OR Tambo Airport have seized a big consignment of drug that some people claim it's a remedy for coronavirus. Six people has been arrested accused of smuggling it in on flights from India. The whole is suspected to be ivermectin, an anti-parastic agent mainly used on animals and pests. 

And the Vatican says its museums will reopen on Monday after coronavirus forced them to shut for 80 days, their longest closure since the second World War. Visitors will have to book their timed entry slots for the Sistine Chapel and galleries. 

And that's the latest BBC world news.
